To hedge your business, understand the value of inversely correlated assets. This means investing in things that are not only recession-proof but are also better when there's a recession. If you have inversely correlated assets, then the income lost by some of your products will be made up by the ones that increase in value. Put simply: your losses are covered by your gains.The market always turns. That’s as predictable as the sun going up and down. The one thing you can count on is cash. Cash is king. If the government immediately imposed another 15- to 20-percent tax on you, after you moaned and complained, you’d pay it. In case of a crisis, you should be putting that same amount away for yourself. When the market turns, if you’re sitting on a pile of cash, you’ll be able to make more intelligent decisions while keeping your team and sanity intact.Smart hedging means protecting returns on investment. I own a lot of four-to-six unit income-producing buildings in and around Manhattan. When rents are high and tenants are plentiful, I reassess the mortgages on my properties and pay off the riskier ones to shore up monthly cash flow. No one knows what the financial climate will be in two to five years, so I prefer to put my real estate on strong footing now when the going is good and secure it for the next decade.network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetise video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.Within a few weeks of achieving that consciousness, I re-focused my work and dropped more than half of my nonessential commitments to continue driving our business forward. The change started to happen almost immediately after I readjusted my routine. Everyone around me sensed that I had stepped it up and I was no longer settling for less than their all.A couple of years ago, I started to notice that my team and my work were slipping. We were not performing at the level at which I was hoping we could be performing. After finally pushing beyond the denial phase and accepting that we could do more, I started my process of deep self-reflection asking myself those three questions. It didn’t take me a long time before I noticed that my business was slipping because I was slipping. Our performance, or lack thereof, started with me.Jobs's children have finished school, so it's impossible to know how the late Apple co-founder would have responded to education technology, or "edtech." But Clement and Miles suggest that if Jobs's kids had attended the average U.S. school today, they'd have used tech in the classroom far more than they did at home while growing up."What is it these wealthy tech executives know about their own products that their consumers don't?" the authors wrote. The answer, according to a growing body of evidence, is the addictive power of digital technology.