A true banker right here. After all, bankers help you with problems you wouldn’t have had without them.It’s pretty obvious there are multiple angles of attack to discredit any discord in this sub right now.So many users participating in the usual reddit leftist groupthink. They have us fixating on the usual distractions: FE rocket guy, project Veritas, JAThe comments look like any other day on r politics, there is clearly a lot of “people” trying to splinter this group. Which in my mind means they are trying their best to keep something hidden that is bubbling to the surface.Stay vigilant and browse new.If every black father did this, imagine how much the prison industrial complex would shrink. Profits would be lost, so they usually try not to choose cops like this. Instead we have an police state and teenagers with a joint in their pocket getting put in a system that is designed to enslave them.The last Russian Emperor, his wife and five children were killed by a group of Bolsheviks in mid-1918 outside the city of Ekaterinburg, in the Ural Mountains. Their burial places were discovered in 1991 and 2007, and in 2000 the Russian Orthodox Church canonized Nicholas II and his family members as martyrs and saints.Modest amounts of funding from the National Institutes of Health have enabled the previous proof-of-concept experiments in cells and mice, but that funding grant is now over. Major pharmaceutical companies have the resources and expertise to carry new drugs like DRACO through the manufacturing scale-up, large-scale animal trials, and human trials required for FDA approval. However, before committing any of their own money, those companies want to see that DRACOs have already been shown to be effective against major clinically relevant viruses (such as members of the herpesvirus family), not just the proof-of-concept viruses (such as rhinovirus) that were previously funded by NIH. Thus the Valley of Death is the financial and experimental gap between the previously funded NIH proof-of-concept experiments and the threshold for convincing major pharmaceutical companies to advance DRACOs toward human trials.Consider the amount of profit and nefarious purposes even your basic profiles on social media site are used for. Now multiply this by a billion. That's what you're giving them when you pay them and send them your DNA. Just think about all the uses we will find in the near future with complete genetic blueprints.8 years and counting. Even when FB wasn't quite the monster it is today it had to go. Fuck that shit off and live your life.