Lord I have no idea what's going to happen in this New Year but all I pray is that you will guide me, and help me! Please help me to look to you always, and through everything that I do, May I bring praise and glory to Your name, I thank you Lord for another year. Amen.Peace is not the absence of trouble, but the presence of Christ and Allah in our life. May the peace and blessing of Christ/Allah be with everyone this season.People say that we are lucky just because of the people we have in our lives, yet they have no idea just how much we prayed. And for that we say we are not lucky BUT WE ARE BLESSEDSometimes I thank God for unanswered prayers. Remember when you're talking to the Man upstairs that just because He doesn't answer doesn't mean He doesn't care. Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.New day, new Blessing. Don't let yesterdays failures ruin the beauty of today, because each day has its own promise of love, joy, and forgiveness. Good MorningTrust your guts... They know you more than anyone in this world. Follow your instincts... They rule your inner being.Life is not meant to be easy. It is a challenge and some days are tougher than others. With every challenge, we gain the opportunity to grow stronger. We can continuously improve of what we are capable of achieving. Instead of allowing a challenge to bring down, keep pushing forward. Turn each challenge into a lesson that makes you stronger & stronger. Do something every day that scares you & thats the way to challenge yourself every day & each challenge is opportunity to grow stronger.To be strong is to understand the weakness. One who understands his weakness assumes power over every circumstances instead of circumstances having power over him.Life is a precious gift so live everyday thankfully with hope, love and faith. As you will never know what any moment could bring your way.In happy moments, praise God. In difficult moments, seek God. In quiet moments, worship God. In painful moments, trust God. In every moment, thank God.If you wait for happy moments, You will wait forever. But If you start believing that you are happy, You will be happy forever.You don't need too many people to be happy just a few real ones who appreciate you for who you are.Life is an experience; it has its ups and downs, so hold close to your heart those times that make you happy.It's not that diamonds are a girl's best friend, but it's your best friends who are your diamonds. It's your best friends who are supremely resilient, made under pressure and of astonishing value. They're everlasting; they can cut glass if they need to.It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.