Try out some word scrambles, word searches, crossword puzzles, and picture puzzles that I've created all involving the subject of confidence.Every once in a while I'll receive an email which contains a short inspirational story. I've captured some of the good ones I've seen lately on this page. Stories like "Four Wives", "If I had my life to live over" by Erma Bombeck and a message from the Dalai LamaI love reading inspirational stories about people who have changed the world by refusing to get discouraged when they were told they'd never amount to much by people who didn't understand confidence thinking. Stories from people like Walt Disney, Beethoven, Wayne Gretzky, Einstein and even Abraham Lincoln. If you're facing any obstacles right now, check out these stories and it'll encourage you to keep going no matter what. The world is waiting for you to live your dreams.According to the research, one of the most important factors in gaining happiness from sharing good news is the reaction of the person it is shared with. If the receiver responds positively, the person sharing is much more likely to feel happier than if they respond neutrally.I've been friends with this lady for 20 years. She's a lot older than me and is always putting me down saying I work too much, buy too much for my mother I have never told anyone these things before and I have tried to talk to my husband, but he just doesn't want to hear them. So, I have been married toMy husband is always correcting me. I can't even put the dishes in the dishwasher correctly. It seem everything I do is wrong and he know the way it Hello guys, I have this co-worker that's just fucking me up! I don't understand what he's deal but I just get bullshit from him. From the first dayI'm female, 27. My mom passed away and she was always a buffer between me and my Grandma. We don't get along barely at all. And I live with her and I feel I am different than my mom, family and community. I immigrated to find myself and belong somewhere but I feel stuck in between. can't completely fit hereYou must have fun. You must get it done. But don’t just run and run and run. For, life is a journey, not a destination.Don't waste time. Don't let a minute pass doing nothing or doing something that is not as per your wish. Grab hold of each minute and do what you wantIf you struggle to stop caring what others think, it might motivate you to work on this if you can see the benefits of caring less.So I've only done a few mics so far. A couple went decent but I've bombed at the majority of them. The ones that went ok I felt more comfortable at since I got laughs at the start and relaxed, but the others have been painful. How long did it take for you to feel comfortable on stage?