He meets another man going the opposite way."Salam aleikum, brother" he says."Aleikum Assalam" replies Ahmed."Did you know that the Great Prophet would never allow a woman to walk ahead of him?" asks the man.Ahmed replies, "And did you know that there were no minefields in the time of the Prophet?" He then turns to the wife, "Keep walking, Saida."Abe turns to Sol and asks, "Do you think there's baseball in Heaven?"Sol thinks about it for a minute and replies, "I don’t know.But let's make a deal -- if I die first, I'll come back and tell you if there's baseball in Heaven, and if you die first, you do the same."They shake on it and sadly, a few months later, poor Abe passes on.Soon afterward, Sol sits in the park feeding the pigeons by himself and hears a voice whisper, "Sol... Sol... ."Sol responds, "Abe! Is that you?""Yes it is, Sol," whispers Abe's ghost.Sol, still amazed, asks, "So, is there baseball in Heaven?""Well," says Abe, "I've got good news and bad news." "Give me the good news first," says Sol.Abe says, "Well, there is baseball in Heaven."Sol says, "That's great! What news could be bad enough to ruin that?"Abe sighs and whispers, "You're pitching on Friday."A priest, a minister, and a rabbi want to see who’s best at his job. So each one goes into the woods, finds a bear, and attempts to convert it. Later, they all get together. The priest begins: “When I found the bear, I read to him from the catechism and sprinkled him with holy water. Next week is his first Communion.”“I found a bear by the stream,” says the minister, “and preached God’s holy Word. The bear was so mesmerized that he let me baptize him.”They both look down at the rabbi, who is lying on a gurney in a body cast. “Looking back,” he says, “maybe I shouldn’t have started with the circumcision.”The difference between knowing you're shit and knowing your shit."John! You have sinned! In reparation for your atrocious lifestyle you are condemned to sleep with this woman." With a cry of dismay, John is a whisked away to endure this horrible penance. Suddenly, another even uglier more hideous woman comes forward."Paul! You have sinned! In reparation for your atrocious lifestyle you are condemned to sleep with this woman." Paul is suddenly whisked away, clawing the ground as he is dragged off.Bob stands alone in the room, quaking with fear, when Kate Upton walks in! He can't believe his luck! Suddenly, the voice says,"Kate! You have sinned!"I went to school with a foreign exchange student who had an usual last name. I have no ideal how to spell it, but when pronounced it sounded like "Is it big enough".turns out falling asleep to country music is harder than I thought