Details are scant, there isn’t even a title yet, but the movie stars Anna Kendrick, who sent the below picture via her Instagram account of her character wearing FBI body protection, whilst sporting a rather large machine gun.I know we’re all having fun slamming DC and the Alien franchise (justifiably) but I’m curious to know what you all think was a pleasant surprise this year.For me I was blown away by “IT” and “Baby Driver”; as someone who doesn’t get out to movies all that often I was more than happy with how these movies delivered particularly because I went in with low expectations.I often find that in some reviews that some critics/reviewers will go as far to say that one actor "steals the movie" meaning that this supporting character shines brighter than the rest of the cast despite limited attention or screen time. He or she may make a lasting impact on the audience, more so than the leads. Whether its adding some much needed humour to a story or by playing a wise mentor that helps our lead protagonist on their way. I also may add that it could be a character and not an actor meaning that it could be a CGI character like Groot from Guardians of the Galaxy. It doesn't necessarily have to be an actor.What do you feel is the best example of this?“American cinema today is missing all existential thought. There’s no questioning society. No politics. Studios try to make themselves feel good with the movies that make it to the Oscars.”Hey, at least Scott had a sense of humour about it. In all seriousness, though, it sounds like their working relationship worked well for the movie, because the final film really felt like Villeneuve was able to do his own thing while still creating a movie that very much felt as if it were a part of that same world Scott created all those years ago.People close to Garcia told El Mundo that he dedicated himself to reading philosophy instead and that he did not report the bullying out of fear that he could be fired.According to deputy mayor Jorge Blas, it wasn’t until Garcia was due to be recognised for his hard work in 2010 that authorities realised his office was sitting vacant.