Several years ago, Andy was sentenced to prison. During his stay, he got along well with the guards and all his fellow inmates. The warden saw that deep down, Andy was a good person and made arrangements for Andy to learn a trade while doing his time. After three years, Andy was recognised as one of the best carpenters in the local area. Often he would be given a weekend pass to do odd jobs for the citizens of the community... and he always reported back to prison before Sunday night was over.The warden was thinking of remodelling his kitchen and in fact had done much of the work himself. But he lacked the skills to build a set of kitchen cupboards and a large counter top, which he had promised his wife. So he called Andy into his office and asked him to complete the job for him.But, alas, Andy refused. He told the warden, "Gosh, I'd really like to help you but counter fitting is what got me into prison in the first place."They also say it won't be available for sale to other customers. So giving other prints to people with the same issue seems reasonable, and the important part is that it will never be available for sale from Ubisoft.Plus it's too nice of a print to tell the artist to only make one, and the artist would make at least 1 other print in the process of making this one. Colours don't always come out perfectly, and sometimes it can take quiet a few prints to get it right.I'm a student at an animal college and I absolutely despise them. I doubt that they even know how much dogs have done for us. We wouldn't have properly advanced as a civilisation during the Stone Age with out them.Paolo Duterte was forced to face a Senate investigation last month after opposition senator Antonio Trillanes IV accused him of being connected to a Chinese drug cartel responsible for a shipment of more than 600kg of methamphetamine seized by Philippine police. Trillanes revealed photos of the eldest Duterte offspring meeting with several Chinese nationals accused of corruption within the Bureau of Customs, as well as alleging that Duterte was concealing a dragon-shaped gang tattoo on his back. Duterte declined to disrobe before the Senate.The algorithm choses the economies and weights assigned, not researchers. The better the algorithm-driven economic doppelganger for the UK economy as a weighted combination of other OECD economies, the more accurate our results are. For the UK, our matching algorithm attributes high weights to Canada and the US, but also to Japan and Hungary. These weights are open to replication by other researchers.