My very best friend, we'll call her Beth is an RN and has had a severe binge drinking problem for the last four years or so. Five days on, morning and night. About 10 days off.She has three children age 4, 7 and 10. They have to see this all the time. They were actually removed from the home about a year and a half ago and put with grandma for six months.Sorry, this is long. I teach at an extremely diverse school - students from all different countries, mixed race students, balanced among all races, etc. Our school is very focused on embracing a diverse world and it's one of the things I love about it. Our staff is somewhat diverse, but not as diverse as the student body.Some light background to help with context. Both my girlfriend and I aren't very good at making friends, so we don't have any very close friends aside from each other. It's something I am working on, and I encourage her to make new friends whenever possible. We are also both very open with our phones and leave them about, and will answer and send texts for each other, which is how I found this info in the first place.A few weeks ago, I serendipitously made a phenomenal new friend. We are both in a meme group on Facebook, and realized that we were both transplants from the same part of the mid-Atlantic now living in a major southern city, not knowing many people we feel we have much in common with. “Jimmy” and I met up and our connection was instant and the most intense I’ve ever felt. We’ve dealt with very similar family issues (parents had an explosive divorce when we were 16) and continue to wrestle with the same mental health struggles (severe anxiety and some depression). We formed a strong bond very quickly, and talking to him and being with him is by far the best part of my day. I’ve never been so turned on by someone, and my mind constantly wanders to elaborate, passionate fantasies of us together.I've been with my girlfriend for about 2 and 1/2 months. Last night I tried to break up with her because we keep having small arguments and I just didn't want to put in the effort. I had gotten out of a 5 year relationship about 5 months ago and kind of rushed into this relationship because I had a real interest in her. I started having second thoughts about a month ago but decided to try and work it out for a while.My wife has always been close with her dad. I attribute this to the fact that her mother died when she was 9 years old. For roughly the first 7 years of our marriage I was in the military, so we had no choice in where we lived. We always lived far enough away that it made visiting her dad impractical more than once or twice a year. I got out of the military about 2 years ago and found a job that would allow us to live within a reasonable driving distance from her dad. Now that we're close enough that they see each other more frequently, I've been noticing some behaviours that I find disturbing.Over the past year I have began to wear dress slacks and nice jean pants along with blouses and tee-shirts vs skirts and dresses. He didn't want me to do this because people may ask questions and he prefers me not. Ok? No biggie, he didn’t lash out.I've been dating this guy for almost a year. He's really smart, sweet and he's overall an amazing boyfriend. We've had some fights, ups and downs but nothing to really worry about. He's the best guy I've ever been with.I've been dating this guy for almost a year. He's really smart, sweet and he's overall an amazing boyfriend. We've had some fights, ups and downs but nothing to really worry about. He's the best guy I've ever been with.