My depression has been back for months now. I spend every single day either playing video games or working at the local farm, both distract me from everything. And only at the end of the day I suddenly realise that I can barely stand without shaking, and that my stomach really hurts because I forgot to eat anything the whole day. But when I do try to bring myself to eat, everything just makes me want to vomit. I can't even think about putting food in my mouth without getting sick. The only thing I'm able to eat is sweets and cakes, but after I eat any of those my depression gets worse because I instantly feel fat and "inflated". what to do? disordered eating is a symptom of depression. could be either or both'demonic' attacks, night terrors, intrusive thoughts, and other bad thingsDepression can change appetite or make you feel apathetic or negative about eating  eating disorder things like anxiety, severe depression  symptoms are really serious  here will always be a million reasons why you think you shouldn't get help, but you deserve help I feel bad for having opportunities many other people don't. This feeling doesn't allow me to enjoy the pleasures I've worked hard for You are pro-social. It's nothing to feel bad about. Somethings I really can't "fix" and thinking like this will make me feel always guilty. individualists will get stressed by not having more than others at all times they perceive having less than others but are pretty neutral towards having more Your amygdala will trigger a stress response when you have more resources than others, but it will also trigger when you have less genuinely selfless The guilt that you’re feeling is not a bad thing cognitive or emotional state ones own wrong doing or inaction observation is accurate omething that goes against their own values or violates the moral guidelines of the people around them it can be difficult to navigate our own desires and rationality feel guilty about what we eat, our appearance, how we conduct our relationships and how we raise our children overwhelmed by immense diversity through mass, mainstream and social media feel inadequate and ashamed over-scrutinize ourselves and our lives more incredulous and confused  make us feel powerless Guilt can have a negative impact on our emotional, psychological and physical well being Feelings of guilt can sometimes stem from childhood and they are so ingrained in us that we don’t even notice they are there feel undeserving of success or happiness, often leading to behavior of self sabotage and mediocrity make us prone to living vicariously through can damage our relationship with our physical body by warping how we consume food, how we indulge in destructive habits and whether or not we take calculated risks limit every aspect of how we live our lives, tainting it with dysfunctional patterns and habits that are hard to recognize let alone break Even our physical posture can be connected to feelings of guilt of wallowing in negative feelings and living defensively than regret Discernment ‘first world problems’ focus on trivial things  sources of discomfort that our survival is not dependent to be discerning about the things that make us feel guilty a matter of life and death perpetuating our guilta question of commitment point sitting on the fence or making a half hearted effort to console our feelings of guilt  change our behavior, but also our minds flexibility and tenacity hypocritical or contradictory mistakes and to become familiar with negative emotions ignore life’s lessons and bury feelings of guilt, shame and inadequacy, the stronger and more destructive they become  experiencing guilt is to learn forgiveness others for hurting or pressuring us have wronged us and make sense of their behavior and its impact on our psyche Guilt is fundamentally a misunderstanding we have with ourselves we get stuckYour pain pain is making me uncomfortable. Please shut upis your fault, in the same old ways Reflecting upon the origin of our guilt feelings, becoming more empathetic to others and toward ourselves, committing to change depression is a choice go fuck yourself ollowed by an ever-present amorphous sadness for almost my entire life casual unresolvable suspicion that I will never find the joy that others do in a sunset, to the feeling that being dead might a respite & a kindness kind of bullshit that kills people National Suicide Prevention Lifeline I have suicidal thoughts, but I’m not suicidal I imagine my death Vividly who would care, what people would say. How it would or wouldn’t affect others’ lives. How much better everyone’s lives would be without me.
