I was thinking that this could have been posted in r/tifu, cause I really fucked up bad today. I have panic and anxiety disorders, which sometimes makes my life very difficult sometimes. It's getting better though. So, to the story: I was dying my hair last night, and my boyfriend was about to visit me. He lives very close to me. One of the doors which I can use to enter my building, is almost next to my apartment door. So, he let me know that he is behind the door and I went to open it for him, left my door slightly open cause I have three dogs, and I didn't want to leave the door fully open cause then they would run after me. I have done this maaaany times. Then, when I open the door to my boyfriend, the air pressure from opening the door slams my door and shuts it. I started freaking out very badly, and had a major panic attack. So, I was wearing my undies, a tunic that barely covers my butt, have the hair color on my head, and then the freaking door decides to shut itself.

When I started panicking, I just lost the sense of everything. I was just half yelling at my boyfriend and running around, and he got angry with me. I wasn't even able to use his phone to make a phone call! Then he aided me with that and I had to call the call center to get my sister's number, and then I called her husband cause they didn't find my sister's number. Then my sister's husband agreed to drive to my place and give me the keys. At this point my bf had gone to his apartment to get me a jacket and a pair of shoes, so that I can go to his place while waiting for the keys.

I was just crying the whole time, and when we went to his place, I went straight to the shower to rinse off the hair colour. After that my bf kept on being angry at me, and tried to make me do deep breaths, and I wasn't even able to do that. After 10 minutes, I calmed down and things were starting to get better.

So after an hour or so, my sister's hubby brought me the keys and I got back to the flat. I'm kinda disappointed and sad that when I had a panic attack, my bf got angry. I need my other half to stay calm when I'm losing it. I get it that I was being a douche when I had it, but I can't control that cause that was one of the worst panic attacks I've ever had. I understand him and how he is angry at me, but in my opinion he should try to understand that this is not something I do on purpose. Of course we talked about it when I calmed down and I emphasized to him that I'm not doing this shit on purpose. We agreed with the fact that he just doesn't understand what a panic attack is, although he had some minor ones when he was younger. The attacks aren't something you can explain, and not something that anyone can understand if they haven't experienced them themselves. Then he inquired me very quickly that how am I going to prevent the next time that I panic for an hour? I said I don't know. I'm going to therapy with my issues, and I said I'm going to talk about it there. Maybe my therapist can give me thoughts how I can stop them faster. I'm planning on taking my bf with me to one of my therapy sessions, so that my therapist could give him some tips on how to understand my panic attacks better.

The attack I had tonight, was cause my dogs were inside my flat alone, and I got a new dog few months back and she's eating everything she can! So, since my hair color was there I was afraid that she'd eat that and get poisoned or something..

So the question is, I don't know how to proceed after this. How can I make my boyfriend understand this? It's not like I get these very often, but my anxiety causes me to think shitty stuff pretty regularly, although it's getting better. Has any of you had similar issues of your significant other not understanding your mental issues? How did you overcome them? Any tips, hints or comments are welcome!

TL;DR I got a major panic attack for getting locked out from my apartment with no keys, my boyfriend got mad about it. What to do?
Do you see a therapist or a psychologist? If youI'm seeing a therapist specialized in anxiety. I feel very comfortable in talking with her. Yes, I've heard about CBT a bit, but I forget it each time cause I'm not sure where to start with it. Do normal therapists do that, or is it something I need to do on my own? do and you feel comfortable talking to them I’d start there. If you haven’t heard of CBT (cognitive behavioural therapy) I strongly recommend it One of the main problems with anxiety is its chronic nature. This eventually pushes people away. As my sister's ex use to say to her "Look, it can't be something everyday". I’m not really sure how it works but I’m sure your therapist could help. But yes you’d see a therapist. Sorry I wish I could be more help. I actually plan on doing CBT myself after I complete DBT. If you can’t find a CBT specialist maybe there’s an alternative that your therapist can help you with. 
