Just wanted to say first off there is a lot of good in everything you spilled out. For your age, at least in regards to what you are facing right now, there is an awful lot of emotional maturity in there and some decent knowledge of what you are feeling. You're aware you made a mountain out of a molehile and even better, you have a decent idea on the events that led to that. Plus it sounds like you ironed it out with girlfriend in a really good manner as well.

To me, and this is going only by this post so its most certainly an incomplete picture, it sounds like the biggest problem is stress, coupled with the feeling of being stuck. You are putting all this energy into trying to suppress certain emotions and are just draining yourself.

You didn't put a lot of things in your post that scream depression like you can often see, but the constant suicidal thoughts for an extended period for sure are a major sign that something isn't right.

Any sort of professional help is going to be a much better bet than anything else. I don't know how readily you would have access to that, but it is out there, and remember that you are going to need to be your best advocate in getting help and finding help.

However, as an interim step though, there are things you can do on your own. Meditation and mindfulness can help you detach from your thoughts (which you can't control), so that while the thoughts won't necessarily change, how you react and perceive them will over time.

Secondly you can look at cognitive behavioral therapy or CBT (see David Burns Feeling Good book which is widely available, definitely accessible to someone your age, and has a lot in it that can help (if you do the work in the book, not just read it). You could also look at dialectical behavioral therapy (DBT) which is sort of specialized towards bipolar disorder, but it does have a big focus early on to help deal with overwhelming emotions.

And then lastly its time to start looking for ways to get out of the situation you are in. Mark Manson had a quote in his book (which I don't have the exact quote so will paraphrase) that talks about how pain is much less bearable when it has no purpose and no plan to get out of the pain. You don't have to put a lot of concrete details in place now about how that will occur, but I think you know some of the things that will need to be in place for that to occur, so start working towards it now. And I say this because the most worrying feeling and what really provides the emotional oomph to my suicidal thoughts is that feeling of being trapped and that it is never going to change.

