On December 13th, if net neutrality is overturned, I will myself to die. No food, no drink, no sleep, until I slip away from this soulless and pathetic world. My video games are my life, and they are the only things that can break thru the SSRI's and make me feel again. Without them, my life is pointless. I'm a home-schooled ugly fat little coward with autism, so I'll never get ahead. I'm too sad to cry anymore. So if you can, try and stop the FCC for good. Of course they'll keep trying, but having net neutrality overturned would be the last straw...I attempted suicide 9 days ago. I spent 4 days in the hospital in a medically induced coma. I'm glad I survived but I feel such guilt for the hurt I caused my loved ones. My father bawled me out and now won't speak to me. My brother lectured me. My partners have been gentle about it but they have made it clear that they are hurt and angry by what I did. I feel so terrible. I wish I never did it and I don't know what to do to make it right.All I want to do is die.I'm not going to pass my classes. I can't focus and can't read. I'm on a new med and nothing is real any more. Nothing matters. I have a long distance relationship and it's really fucking hard. I gained a bunch of weight because I'm a worthless piece of shit with no self control. I can't deal with any of this.I just want to kill myself. There's no good enough reason not to.I want to make this as painful as possible for those around me. Anything helps, Thanks!I've been doing my best to keep happy thoughts. I try to help people out on here to distract myself. Nothing's working. I just don't want to do this anymore. I feel almost certain tonight I'm just getting the job done and I'm ok with it. I don't deserve to suffer anymore -and the people around me don't either.People make me so angry. I can't stop thinking about fights I've had with people. They keep popping up in my head. I keep worrying about what might happen. Every time someone says I have it worse or something like that I think of shooting myself right in front them. I feel my emotions just as deeply as anyone else. I hate it when people try to one up you. It makes me so angry. I've never been this angry before. Sick of people not understanding my problems. They don't try to understand. One of these days I swear I'll kill myself right in front of my family and friends for trying to one up me. I won't even tell anyone about my suicidal thoughts. They wouldn't understand anyways. So fucking pissed at people.People say they love me and they care... but what if I died, I won't make any difference in anyone's life. I'm just an unimportant fly on the wall.