So about a year ago I had a lot of time to reflect on my life and what is actually wrong with me so I can stop limiting my potential. I know I am a bright kid 19 [M]. But I just cannot figure out what is wrong with me. I am pretty sensitive as a guy which I can admit but there is more to it than that.

About a year ago in high school I have a presentation to a class of about 20 or less students. I was fully prepared, I did a ton of research for a high school project, I had notecards of what I was going to say, and I got a good grade on the project. Despite all of this, when I was presented I froze. My knees trembled I couldn’t figure out what I was going to say nothing sounded right my voice was shaky honestly it’s been the most visibly nervous I’ve ever been. That’s where I started to re-evaluate my life.

It’s not uncommon for me to have nightmares for consecutive nights or multiple times in one night. Sometimes in my dreams I can tell I am screaming during my sleep. I cannot remember all the details of every nightmare, but my most recent one, I was in a forest full of giant snakes with my family and I got caught in the ground and a giant snake was moving towards me and I called out for my dad but he couldn’t hear me even though he was right there and then I was attacked and woke up. Maybe it’s nothing but I just having so many nightmares.

I have a hard time speaking out in a group of more than three people (including myself) or around people I do not know which is pretty normal for anyone but I just can’t put myself out there because I do I think about it for days on end cringing at what I said no matter how small it was. I usually think about how people think of me based of what I said. Like “wow this dude thinks he so smart but really isn’t” and more stuff like that which brings me into my next issues which I can remember very vividly cringy things I did in the past, without consciously doing it, I will say something under my breath like “I hate myself” or “nigger” (I think I try to shock myself outta it by using slang I have nothing against any race) and it happens quite frequently I’d say 3-5 times a day.

I do not think I had the greatest of childhoods either. When I was 10 or 11 my grandma lost her life to depression and suicide. I do not know how much this affected me because I hardly remember much about her either than she was my babysitter when my parents were working I would go there. My happiest moments in life happened at that daycare, days I think about to make myself. Then a few months later my other grandma died to cancer and I remember staying at her house it was very apparent that she cared about me. I have older brother (21) and a younger sister (16). And I remember vividly being picked on by my older brother constantly. When I was about 12 he would take my phone, no matter how hard I would struggle he always got it, and would read all my messages between me and girls and just make fun of me for fun. It was a brutal fucking hell for an awkward preteen. My parents never would help me or were never around I was always teased picked on bullied beat up or just the fucking butt end of fucking joke. On the other side of the spectrum when I tried to pull that shit on my sister (because life goes in cycles and I was an asshole) I would immediately be punished, I would be grounded get my phone taken away and locked up in a room no matter how benign the comment was.

Now for my parents, as the middle child it is common to be forgotten, but I never felt noticed unless I would act out which i didn’t enjoy. My mom, I feel like her life would be completely different if she didn’t have kids. I feel like a prop in her life. My accomplishments are her accomplishments she will brag to her friends about things I did which sounds great but it’s not. It’s like a fucking competition with these women. They’re always fighting to have the best kid. I don’t feel like sharing anything with her anymore and she resents it. She tries to get any piece of information of success out of my. I’d rather not say anything to her. Anytime I see walk by her at home she acts my the most arbitrary and trivial questions which I give one word answers to but they never stop. I will be asked 30 questions within 5 minutes and I have counted before. I feel like my mom is a borderline narcissist. I have told her before that I don’t like when she uses me as a prop and she guilted me into letting her do whatever she wants. She has gone through my room and found condoms in my room and felt the need to share it with my entire family not just my brother sister but my aunts uncles and cousins that she found condoms in my room. Just last week she went through my bank statement in the mail and shared how much money I spent with everyone at thanksgiving. Most of it went to books but not all. My dad is probably were some of my lack of anger management comes from. I was 11-13 at the time my family went to Disney world on vacation. During this time I was not a big fan of rollercoasters and I didn’t really like to ride them so I perfectly content with just waiting at the exit for them when they got off but for some reason that made my dad unhappy and he told me “you’re ruining everyone’s vacation”. I did absolutely nothing wrong why would anyone say that to their child? I remember my brother was talking back to my dad but we had to go to a basketball game because we were on the team and my brother got the final word in but when he and I were leaving to go the game my dad comes out of the house and gives me brother a shot to the face that bruised his face pretty bad. My mom ended up driving me to the game and my brother turned up later with some lie about where the bruise came from. This was a stressful time in my parents live they got caught up in some bad business and ended being sued, going bankrupt, and losing everything so I can’t blame him completely but the damage was already done.

There has definitely been a chain of depression in my family from my grandma to my brother and my sister. When I was 15 my brother and I shared a room. One day I woke up and he was gone. He tried to kill himself and my grandpa found him before any damage could be done he was eventually hospitalized but I unfortunately saw the suicide note which was definitely tough but I do not know how much this actually affected me.

These are just some of the things that I think about. I am not sure if I got too side tracked I just tried to give a little background to my life and maybe that would be able to help maybe I should see a therapist maybe I am just an asshole maybe I have anxiety I do not know but I just want answers so I can fix this hell that haunts me.

