Would this be enough to have someone like this mentally evaluated? 

    68.5 years old.
    Forgetful.
    Blames other people when accused.
    Calls people names when questioned, like: you idiot, youre stupid, youre sick, you have mental problems, etc. when they're showing concern for him.
    Says their children are harrasing him when they show their concerns about him.
    Gets in numerous accidents in cars, motorcycle, bicycle.
    Trying to adopt two boys from another country, who have parents already.
    On birthday, sits in the car while everyone else is in the restaurant.
    Separated from 40 yr old marriage because of a psycic saying vague things.
    Turned back on family.
    A history of abusing pets/animals.
    A history of abusing wife and children.
    History of being around prostitutes.
    Doesn't realize a prostitute is taking their life savings from them.
    Orders credit cards for prositutes to use.
    Taking viagra with a stint in heart.

Eye witnesses; Children and spouse of 40 years, family friends, relatives, employees, co-workers.
I think you should just leave the person alone if thats how they want to live. I think its kinda fucked up to try to force someone into a prison when they clearly show signs of being an asshole, but not mental deterioration. I have had 3 family members come and go with dementia where 2 where violent and had to be taken care of because they where living in faeces. I am also an asshole who has been forced out of his home to witness and bare horrors at a so called "mental health facility" which is no less than pure torture of the human soul and psyche. You are obviously trying to manipulate the system to do this and are trying to gain advantage by having people on the internet back you up or give you an option to use to abuse whoever it is youre talking about. Just leave that person alone, plain and simple. After youre 18 they dont have to love or respect you. Its kind of a shitty thing about life but sometimes a family memeber is just an asshole. Amd you leave them alone If you don't want to be abused, dont go around the person. Thats literally what a court told me about my own abusive parents. Its not abuse if youre knowingly putting yourself in the situation. A child who cant leave the home is an example of proper abuse. Like you wouldnt walk onto a gun range and be surprised you got shot would you? Same concept. Again, the clear intention is to lock up an elderly person who's obviously an asshole and gain something (im guessing a house) by them beimg forcibly removed. 
