I have been to see the doctor before about my mental health a few years back due to a failed suicide attempt and of course due to that, it was not my voluntary choice. I was sent to counselling therapy to talk about my issues and recieved a diagnosis for Paranoia, Anxiety and Depression. After a few months, I stopped attending - it was during this time I was still going through my abuse.

A few years on, I've only struggled more and more, confused and scared for years. It wasn't until someone I knew very well who had both first hand and second hand experience with a range of mental health issues that I truely realised this was related to the topic. Confusingly explaining what I now know to be symptoms rather than traits of who I am.

Now what scares me is that the signs I've noticed go beyond the depression and anxiety. Research, reading and a long journey of searching within myself and my past (which had to come more from others memories than my own) has lead me to noticing things that have recurringly come about in my past - traits of psychosis. I know it's wrong to self diagnose and just because I have all the symptom of an illness, it does not mean I remotely have said illness. I am aware of how many illnesses can possess psychotic like symptoms, I'm not stating I have psychosis whatsoever, however reading up and hearing about people's past experiences that made my stomach sink as I began to get lost in what felt like someone writing out my own memories. From this I conclude one of two things, either I am SEVERELY struggling with my anxiety and depression, or my mental health isn't what I've been lead to believe.

I had a multitude of breakdowns around 6 months ago and that's when I realised how much it was taking over my life, controlling it, ruining it. The thing is, I hate doctors. For personal reasons. I hate anyone of authority. I hate the pharma industry. Deep down I know that it's only there for the money, as another corporation role playing their game in society to keep the world going round. But I need help. I don't have the support of friends to talk to anymore (actually due to an outburst of my symptoms) and my family neglect the fact, they just tell me I'm weak and an embarrassment / let down. It's taken me 6 months since that realisation that I need to talk to someone, yet I cannot manage to make the call, I'm too scared. And no one I can ask will make it for me.

I feel stupid in myself, not because I need help, but because I'm resorting to the one place I swore I'd never dare go, especially about this however this is essentially my last option. I've spent months exploiting everything possible, there is nothing on the first 10 pages of google that I haven't seen if it's regarding any form of self help to mental health. I've even completely changed my cultural beliefs within so much deep searching (previously being a dead-set atheist and science geek) to a spiritually awoken, open minded believer of many things.

I don't want to talk to a GP, I want to talk to a psychologist or someone of a mental health profession, someone who will take me seriously. I don't want my GP to know about all of my symptoms but I need to get help. How do I talk to my GP to make him see the extent without the details?

P.S Paying for a psychologist is out of the window (to begin with at least). I'm struggling so hard to keep up work and I have no financial support. It's not possible.

TL;DR - Mental health has got worse since failed suicide. Dropped therapy. Sickeningly paranoid about doctors, however have no other option. Am now just in a messy slump and have no one to talk to other than you guys. What're your past experiences?
