I don't think life is supposed to be like this
I am always feeling like something is missing. I can distract myself temporarily with friends, starting new relationships, vacations, mindless entertainment. But I feel it almost every day.

The way things are not how I wanted them to be. The problem is that I don't know exactly what I want instead, so I can't head in a specific direction. I end up floundering around in half-decisions and doing something I think I want but end up not wanting at all and switching between choices constantly.

I don't trust myself to make a decision about my life. I'm just waiting for the experts to tell me what's best for me. I'm a huge coward. I'm afraid of commitment, saying what's on my mind, failing, being wrong, taking a risk or debt, prettier girls than myself, etc. I'm insecure, weak-willed, very lost, and kind of an asshole deep down because of my shitty neurotic or pretty bigoted beliefs. I only like myself sometimes.

Everything feels really meaningless and empty for the most part. I don't care about school. I know my family does so I try to do well but I'm starting to not care enough these days to put in the effort. I can't make friends easily. I don't know what to do. I know I'm not that special, but I feel so disconnected that sometimes I believe in my special snowflake self-pitying. I want to escape. I want to force myself into a situation in which I have to make more decisions for myself, because right now even though I am making decisions (shitty ones) I feel like none of them are real or my fault/responsibility. I feel no urgency to take control because I live with my parents who always shielded me from consequences. But I know I need to or I'll end up wasting my life. I think I'll just keep waiting for someone to do something for me or for something to change for me because that's how it's always been. I'm waiting for life to give me something new, and nothing is happening. I feel a stagnation or even a regression in my personal growth. Not meeting anyone I really want to talk to, not feeling like anything I am learning has value or use, feeling like I'm just wasting my time with everything that I do. I always feel a little agitated staying in one place for too long. It makes reading hard because I'm constantly thinking that there's something more important for me to be doing. But rarely do I feel like any of the things I do are important, since I have nothing to work for other than a fuzzy goal of "being successful/happy".

I am very lonely. I also feel like I deserve to be alone because of how terrible I am. I wouldn't want the company of myself either.

