Is it normal to break down every time my best friend ignores me?
I don’t have that many friends. My best friend is by far the person who I’m the closest with and i love her to pieces. But sometimes she just randomly ignores me for a whole day (like today). Every time it absolutely ruins my day. I can’t stop crying because I feel so hurt. My thoughts jump to the worst conclusions and go into this spiral where the only solution is suicide or at least hurting myself. It is so emotionally tiring. Also I feel so pathetic for feeling this way...
Perhaps you have an insecure attachment style or maybe low self-esteem or both. Not hearing from a friend for a day isn't a long time. I had a close friend and I went weeks without hearing from him.

Thinking of suicide is extreme, but I know what you mean. Sometimes when I don't hear from my friends, I do think of the worst possible scenario. The trick is realizing that it's you who's coming up with these thoughts and feelings. They aren't your friend's thoughts, and technically you can't even really know, or at least it's very difficult to know, what your friend is thinking. My advice would be to realize that your friend isn't going to leave you, that those are your own fears. Try finding other things to do, acknowledge your insecurity, but accept that it is unfounded. If you keep doing that, you might be able to get over these feelings. Well, that's my opinion anyway.
I had a good friend who was very extroverted. I am about 50/50 Introvert/extrovert. Take the Meyers Briggs online test (one that is free!!) to find out what you are.

We had a falling out because I went through a stressful time and I pretty much cut everyone off for about a month. I just couldn't handle anyone elses problems because my own seemed all consuming. It wasn't about her but she took it that way and now won't speak to me at all.

Some folks need space, it isn't about you. They need to have days where they don't talk to or when they just recharge. I agree about looking into attachment issues also or codependency. Find other relationships or interests to fill those times when people are busy or whatever.
I hate to phsycoanalyzs, but this sounds like me.

I have BPD.

