Are these thoughts concerning?
his is my throwaway account for relationship problems/questions. Also, I overthink shit.

My boyfriend is in his late 20s and he often comes up with very outlandish solutions for his problems. I'm not sure how much of this is him being from a different culture (he is from East Asian, I'm American, and we're in the U.S.) and how much is him.

Here's a few examples. Note: He never went through with any of the solutions, although he was serious about them:

    He absentmindedly almost used a fork to get his bagel from the toaster. Solution: Get rid of the toaster.
    He got a speeding ticket. Solution: Sell his car.
    He was at work and I wanted to use his laptop for something. He's the type who doesn't like anyone using his electronics unsupervised. Solution: Leave work to collect his laptop.

Also, he tends to come up with ideas that are clearly not just off the top of his head, but come off to me as if they were thought halfway through.

Interestingly, I've met his dad before and I think the two share a lot of their quirky characteristics (a few questionable one but also lots of good ones,) and ways of thinking, including this one. His dad also thought it was a good idea to sell his car. He calls his dad "crazy", so I don't dare tell him that they're actually "crazy" in very similar ways.

Everyone close enough to him picks up on his idiosyncrasies, too. He's pretty much the only one who's unaware that his way of thinking is somewhere in left field sometimes.

I love this guy. He's a class act who makes me very happy and works hard at his ambitions. I just want to make sure that he receives help to function better if he needs it. I see a therapist for my own issues and I really like it. I shared this briefly with her and she said he might benefit from cognitive behavioral therapy. Thing is, I don't want to make him think I think he needs professional help unless it's really likely he would benefit from it.

So my questions are: Am I making too much out of this? Do you think I should bring up the idea of seeing a therapist?

Most importantly, therapist or none, is there a way to discuss my concern with him? He has a classmate who, in a friendly way, sometimes calls him "Crazy BF", or says "Typical BF" in reply to him. BF doesn't mind but doesn't seem to understand what his classmate is referring to. I'd like to help him understand.

TL;DR: Boyfriend's solutions to life's issues are pretty overblown. Am I worrying over nothing? Might he benefit from CBT or other therapy? Is there a way for me to share my concern with him?
If you have built any kind of basis of trust and mutual concern in the relationship, which I suspect you have, then bringing the issue to him in the context of honesty and growth should be a healthy encounter. If one of his quirky reactions is to dump you over the matter, you're most likely better off.
