Why does dying have to be so difficult? I wish it was easier, like pressing a button.It was not my choice to be born with this shit life and me. Even something as simple as drinking poison results in an extremely painful death. Guns are quicker, but it's not easy to get your hand on one and use them and even then you might live handicapped for the rest of your life.Life's literally just a fuckin' lottery, and the circumstances and the things you were born with (which are completely random btw) will define the rest of your life. Some are lucky, and then there are the unlucky depressed, lonely person like me with perpetual existential crisis just waiting for the sweet release of death.Why does dying have to be so difficult? I wish it was easier, like pressing a button.It was not my choice to be born with this shit life and me. Even something as simple as drinking poison results in an extremely painful death. Guns are quicker, but it's not easy to get your hand on one and use them and even then you might live handicapped for the rest of your life.Life's literally just a fuckin' lottery, and the circumstances and the things you were born with (which are completely random btw) will define the rest of your life. Some are lucky, and then there are the unlucky depressed, lonely shites like me with perpetual existential crisis just waiting for the sweet release of death.I got a job at best buy, worked for four days, hated it, (no training and co workers too impatient) and am going to apply for some grocery stores or even just go back to MCDS. At least that was easy, I don't have time for a massive learning curve. I need money. But if my family (and by that I mean parents AND siblings) find out, they will be furious. Even though I'm only doing what’s best for me. I know its quitting but I was overextending myself with that job. Did I make the right decision?I went crazy on my fiancé and lost everything. I work non stop. I have no friends just a series of random women I sleep with but that doesn’t fill any void. I can’t seem to make any friends and even if I did I have to move soon and I’m gone at sea most of the year. I feel empty alone sand scared. I’m taking a vacation soon. One of the women I’m sleeping with offered to go with me. I was thinking of ending it on Christmas. But since she is going I won’t get too which Is a good thing. I’m just tired of relying I. Temporary relationships to make it through I don’t see her in that way either I just got out of a relationship and the idea of a new one only makes me sadder. I don’t want to die. I don’t have the balls to do it either. I’m just tired nothing brings me joy anymore. I just wanted to vent and tell someone I’ve been thinking of killing myself. Without it affecting my job or my friends. I don’t want pity.
I don't want to kill myself but at this point it feels like I'm on a slow, steady march off the cliff. No matter how hard I try I can't get myself out of this horrible spot the universe put me in. My life has been on hold for so long thanks to a nasty combination of mental illness and bad luck. I watch from the side-lines, in tears, as my friends enjoy life. Finding love, pursuing higher education, enjoying their freedom, earning money. It looks so amazing. I just rot here in my childhood bedroom, insane, highly dysfunctional, and deeply alone.
I don't really feel like myself anymore, and whoever I am, I don't want to be me anymore. I fucking hate my life. The thought of friends and relatives sobbing at my funeral doesn't make me feel guilty at this point. That is what scares me the most. At some point I'll be having my usual evening cry over not wanting to wake up tomorrow and do it all over again... and I just won't. I'll drive to that parking garage I always think about and jump.
I really hope I find a job. I want to fall in love some day.

save your breath trying to persuade me otherwise, I've already made up my mind, and I'm so fucking over this piece of shit I call my life.I am just wondering which will be less painful.I've attempted suicide once before, by ingesting about 20 antidepressant/anxiety pills, but today it all ends. At 4:44 pm, it'll all be over. I tried going quietly, it didn't work out, guess it's time to give all the people who helped me reach this point something to rejoice over.
