If I just didn’t exist I don’t want to die. I just don’t want to exist  don’t want that out of selfishness, but in fact, for those around me I hate feeling like a burden. I hate being a downer. I hate being an over-the-top upper. I hate that my husband has to be there for me and listen to me cry and groan and yell and be all over the place. I hate that I bother co-workers and friends with my awkwardness and hyperness and depressing energy, the way I pull away and get quiet when I’m all in my head Things are hard for me, yes… but it’s so hard for those who surround me too I don’t want be this way for anybody. Therefore, I truly wish I didn’t exist But don’t fret I don’t need to be rescued an unrepentant child molestor and has been deeply insensitive to sexual assault survivors who happen to report a friend of hers is their abuser. This is not a kind thing to do to people with PTSD surrounding sexual assault  was first diagnosed with clinical depression when I was 14, but I’m pretty sure it made its grand appearance about two years earlier. I’ve been an anxious thing since birth. I didn’t even recognize that those weird moments of nausea, heart palpitations and dizziness were actually panic attacks until I went away for college night at sleepovers my social circle is tiny I think one of the hard parts of loving someone who struggles is that even though they don’t intend to, they hurt you. Even when you’re just the bystander Lately I've been in a mental and emotional rut. It feels like it has been going on for about 2 months now. Its just been a constant roller coaster from having either too many or too severe emotions to the opposite end of the spectrum, and having none what so ever. It comes in episodes that can last days or even just hours. Everything from depression, anxiety, confusion to anger and even good things like happiness. But it ends up making sense to me. I've also felt incredibly lonely, but also not wanting to be near people at the same time. It makes do logical sense to me. I have a loving fianceé who has been with me through bouts of my depression and anxiety.
