At my 22 years of living in this world i have seen both true happiness and overwhelming sorrow. there is a burning question going through my head at the time I’m writing this. why should i move on? I can barely cry a single teardrop anymore and everything seems pointless. my fantasy ends where my real life begins. i see myself driving an 85 prelude and producing short films or whatnot, with some girl by my side, but that’s only in my head. i think i am trying to achieve this image of myself, but something just calls for me to die and see what’s behind. will i ever come back? will I ever find true love for myself and others, without being trapped in this sorrow? I just want to drive through the night forever. will someone ever find that attractive? who knows. maybe life is supposed to be both harmful and happy at the same time. why should I fulfil my dreams, when death seems so attractive at times. I am about to take my life because i miss this feeling so much. there is only one question left unanswereddo you believe in love? dreamy love that isfuck anti depressants, all they do is numb you so you can't feel life as it is supposed to beFor the past year, I’ve been telling myself I’m inadequate and a failure. Nothing has worked. Self positivity is a joke. I seem like I’m happy on the surface but I’ve been bottling up emotions all of my life and this was the year they all surfaced. The fact that I have no self esteem or confidence doesn’t help. Today was the first day I considered doing it. I want to get better but it seems like things are just going to get more down hill. Please help.Just wanted to tell someone that I'm finally going to kill myself tomorrow. Been depressed and thinking about suicide last 4 years, but this is it. I'm so sad and angry about everything.I'm actually dying, and I'm fucking scared. I don't want to suffer a slow, painful death or have my last moments in a hospital. Much better to kill myself now, while I still have the chance. At least I can choose how I go. I'm not scared of death but I'm terrified of the pain. I don't want to experience it.Any time I'm stressed and sometimes when I'm not I'll have a vision of me killing myself. Most of the time I have no control over it. But the rest of the time I end up actively worrying about it, making it worse.Has anyone else had anything like this?I've had a particularly stressful few months and I'm just getting so tired of it. I'm able to rationally think myself out of any situation for the moment but I can see it going either way at this point.Nothing in life matters to me anymore. The only people I could ever open up to either are done with me (for good reason because I just ruin everything) or they're too busy making it so if I want to talk I'm basically just butting into their lives and disrupting everything.In addition to not having anyone to truly confide it, I hate my job, I have zero prospects, and everything I once found fun is nothing now. No job appeals to me, no hobby works (I've tried to start many). I'm just empty.I don't see a fulfilling life for me. Hell I don't even see a decent one. And the best way to make sure those other people, my family and friends, don't have to deal with my constant negative attitude is to leave.