I had some friends stay over the other night and one of them left a journal. My friends and I all know this friend to be depressed and a bit suicidal. They go to a psychologist and a psychiatrist for medication and help with their depression. Well, the journal was left in my house and my mom read through some of it. She told me she doesn't want someone who is suicidal to spend the night anymore, because she is scared they might kill themselves in our home. I've already explained to her that the friend is getting help and they use that journal as a type of therapy. The chances of the friend killing themselves in our home is also almost non-existent, and to me, is something that shouldn’t be worried about. Is there any statistics out there on suicides done in others homes? Is there anything I can say to convince my mom that she is being unreasonable because she's scared of something she doesn’t understand?
I'm an 18 year old girl. 18 since yesterday. I woke up that day feeling like shit and cried.I have lost almost all my friends over the past two years. All but three best friends.I have my best friends and my family who loves me a lot, but the pain doesn't stop overwhelming me every day. I know I'm selfish. It's just not enough for me to stay.I see nothing beyond 2017, my life is a waste and I've dwindled into nothing.I'm hopelessly pathetic, unable to be anything but numb and desperate. I only feel anger and sadness.I dropped out of school from anxiety since last year. Everyone else had senior prom two nights ago.The only thing I want to do is to take a handful of xanax and wash it down with whiskey, or lay my head on the road and have it split open like a grape under the wheel of a car. It's the only thing that will finally bring me peace.everything will keep moving, people will laugh, cry, die, but everything will always be the same. I once thought, the day you want to end it, please do, you've already stopped living, so why suffer? honestly, I had no reason to stay, but I am nosey and I want to know what happens in the world, this is probably silly, but it's keeping me here, I'm not sure why, but I'm living through the pain, through my mental battles, which leave me exhausted and always lonely, but I'm still here because I'm nosey and I don't want to miss out on things for now and I guess it'll do for nowI’m 18yo male, unsuccessful in everything, ugly, have no friends, I’m not smart, i never had a real relationship and all i do the whole day is skip unit, sleep and hate myself and everyone else except my mom and brother. Idk how to feel about my dad as he cheated on my mom a week ago. My grandpa died recently as well. I never get invited anywhere and I’m insecure and not able to build healthy relationships to others. I’m filled with hatred and i lost faith in humanity and love. The only joy i get is abusing drugs until i go unconscious.So my question is, if i should be leaving a letter for my family when i commit suicide. And if i should tell my crush that i love her. I probably shouldn’t tell her but it feels wrong to never say it.I tried it yesterday - not to actually kill myself right then but to see how it might feel. I didn't sit there very long. I got up and I still hate myself for not doing it. I'm still thinking about doing it, over and over again.
