Everyone's worried about me
I'm not sure what it is about me that attracts this kind of attention. I mean, I do have issues. I know that. I have schizophrenia that- though it's treated- still flairs up on me and makes speaking/getting my thoughts clear and concise difficult and causes other problems. I joke about suicide/self harm an unhealthy amount. I am an impulsive person that's been known to do stupid, reckless things without a second thought. etc. But I don't think my issues are much more severe than those of the friends I have that constantly seem to feel strained from worrying about my health.

I don't WANT them to worry about me. I want them to just try to understand me and to be my friends. I'm sick of my friends mothering me. They seem to sugar coat things far too much and avoid telling me their feelings unless confronted directly by me. I don't think it's healthy for them and I know it's not healthy for me to live with this guilt -- I HATE knowing they feel like they have to take care of me and/or protect me.

I'm constantly afraid of losing more friends (I've had several walk out on me bc they couldn't handle my issues, many bc they worried too much about me and it caused too much stress, see a pattern here?), and I just don't know if I could handle losing a few that are particularly close to me but seem to worry the most as well.

I don't know how to tell my friends not to worry about me, in an honest manner, because even I am worried about myself. I don't always have a good grip on reality, and it's scary. But I can usually trust myself enough to know I'll push through like I always have. I just wish they had the same trust in me.

I'm working on the impulsiveness, and I'm trying to find a decent therapist but it's nearly impossible to find one that won't cringe or even look like they're going to start crying when I mention the voices. (I DO have a fantastic psychiatrist though and am medicated). I'm trying not to give them reasons to worry but my self deprecating humor is hard to give up, though I am trying to ease off it.

TL;DR Though I understand why they do to a point, I'm sick of my friends worrying about me constantly. I don't think it's healthy for either of us and am unsure where to go from here.
Not any of my friends in particular-- it's just general paranoia. In the past I wasn't quite as good at explaining it but over the years I've learned how to in better manners through trial and error. Nowadays I generally just use analogies and modify what the analogies are based on the person I'm talking to. For i.e. If the person has anxiety and/or depression, I tie it into that. "You know how you might have intrusive thoughts of worthlessness or danger and such? I get similarly intrusive thoughts-- except they're mostly just random mumbo jumbo that I've learned to overall tune out." If they're pretty much neurotypical, I'll use different analogies that aren't quite as relatable but still suffice. I'd type 'em out but they're pretty long to explain
