What are anti-depressants supposed to do?
I’m 19 and from the USA, and I’ve been professionally diagnosed with BPD and Bipolar II, and over the past 4 years I’ve tried 10 different anti-depressants/anti-psychotics/mood stabilizers. What I’ve always wondered is what’s it supposed to be like when anti-depressants work? Nothing’s ever helped with my chronic suicidal ideation, and I’m at my wits end about this. I’m currently on Lithium and Trazodone and I feel like it’s made everything worse. Can drugs help with suicidal ideation, or do you just have to keep going through therapy for it (I also see a therapist). I’m sick of feeling suicidal and I’m not sure what to do about it. 
Prescription drugs can help, but the thing about drugs is if you're taking other drugs, they can interfere with each other. It's not easy to find which drug will work for you and you might find that a certain drug will only work along with the use of another. It's very much like trying to decode a lock. So many possible combinatioms. That being said, sometimes there isn't a medication that will alleviate enough of the pain you experience. Therapy is important, but like the drugs, it's also not easy to find the right fit therapist and therapy treatment for you. Talk therapy has never worked for me and I'm currently going without it though I desperately need something akin to EMDR (I'm assuming). One of my closest friends has Bipolar II and he uses cannabis for it, but he also needs therapy. It's a tough maze to figure out, but it's worth trying multiple options. 
I started Prozac at your age. It was my first antidepressant and it worked great. I was very lucky!

It felt like I was awake. I could experience the world without getting so overwhelmed or exhausted that I just shut down. I stopped snapping at people I loved. I wanted to be active! My grades were great, everything was just working out so well. I wasn't totally normal, but the newfound energy and the better attitude were so incredibly helpful.

It changed some things about my body, too. As a teen, I was able to drink a whole bottle of vodka without dying or even getting nauseous. On Prozac, my stomach was waaay more sensitive. More normal. I started drinking like a normal person, I couldn't just binge without feeling sick. My body started curbing all of my dangerous habits. I also lost a lot of weight, which I thought was awesome. I just never wanted to eat on Prozac. Even still, eating is kind of rough. I just want to throw up all the time.

At this point in my life, though, things were going okay. A little bit later, a series of shitty circumstances happened, and some of the progress I made was undone. The prozac was no longer enough to keep me afloat, but I think that's just due to my circumstances and environment being shit at the time. If you're under a huge amount of stress, if you're being abused, antidepressants will only help you so much. They're just one part of the puzzle, and I've found that environment is a huge factor.

I ended up in the hospital, and I started getting prescribed antipsychotics. The ones I remember taking are depakote, risperidone, seroquel, and abilify. None of them were helpful. I was instructed to go ahead and keep taking prozac, too, but the good effects I would get from it were just dulled by the antipsychotics. Risperidone gave me a really bad reaction, I couldn't think and my heart was beating obscenely fast. I couldn't drive, I couldn't walk from one room to another without stumbling. It was horrible.

Fast forward to now. I've been on Prozac consistently the whole time, and I no longer take anything else. (Well, I use marijuana, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend that for you.) I don't feel as great as I did when I first started it, but I think that's just an effect of going through hardships. But I can definitely feel the difference when I miss days of my Prozac.

Prozac with better circumstances has been the most helpful combination I've ever experienced.
Yup... Sounds extremely familiar. Over a few years (ages 19-24) I probably took like 20 different meds, and combinations of meds. Some did nothing. Others made me manic and got me hospitalized.

Eventually asked for ECT. That worked, but it sucks. Then, I slipped again and i've started Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation. It's the shit for treatment resistant stuff. Took me from suicidal to content in a month. No side effects. Now I do a thirty minute treatment every day for 2 weeks once a year.

Ask your psychiatrist about non-pharmaceutical options. If they don't use them, they're a shitty dinosaur of a shrink.
Been thru many antidepressants and antipsychotics and haven't found success in any of them really. Weed has been helpful tho. Definitely not a cure all but helpful in quickly calming me down and allowing me to think thru things clearer than when I'm going thru an episode. I don't smoke all day everyday. I take a hit or two and let it hit before i take more. One of my favorite things to do while high is to read up on stoicism, Buddhism, and DBT. I wish i could find a pill or combo that would allow some sort of "normal" function. I wish you luck, I've been told that when you find the right combo of pills/coping skills life can get better than you can imagine. I guess the only thing i can offer is to keep experimenting. Keep track of how your body and mind is doing, and be open and honest with your doctors about what's going on.

Edit: I've been dx with BPD, GAD, PTSD, and major depression



