My co-workers are beginning to think I’m dumb
I got a new job working cap-2 at Walmart. It’s better pay and much more interesting than my previous job and we ALWAYS get a one-hour break which is wonderful. The only problem I have with this new job is my own damned self. Before I begin going on about my problems I want to inform you guys on all the mental issues and diagnosis I’ve had. I was diagnosed with ADD and OCD at a very young age and have experienced bad social anxiety for as long as I can remember. Social anxiety seems to work with ADD in a very negative way, making my thinking power and focus ten times slower when I’m around other people I don’t know that well. And I’ve always struggled in school. In middle school, I always did silly things. I doodled penises on the desk, made noises, threw paper airplanes, constantly asked to go to the bathroom/visit library while the other kids were actually listening to the teacher. Now I’ve graduated high school and I got a new job, but things don’t seem to have changed for me as far as ADD and OCD go. The first few days I was getting along with everyone just fine, like a normal person, but now that everyone is starting to notice my slow-learning and almost nonexistent attention span, they don’t treat me anywhere close the same. For example: At the beginning of the day, we unload the truck and order the boxes on their appropriate pallet, to see where a box goes, you look at the shipping label. Sometimes, I’ll look at it, see that it’s, say, the number 3, but then I feel like I have to look at the label again because what if I didn’t look close enough and it’s actually 33? Before long, I’ve spent like 7 seconds staring at one box and I get yelled at by my team manager asking what’s taking me so long. Some moments - I take that back - most moments at job my brain just goes into ignore mode. When someone tells me or asks me something I hear nothing but gibberish and I may either ask them to repeat themselves or I’ll say “Yes”, “Okay” or “Alright” because I’m too afraid they’d think I’m deaf for asking them a fifth time what they said. Sometimes I’ll be going about my business, the noise around me is muffled, the world around me is a blur, and my thoughts are the main focus, then, all of a sudden, I hear my name yelled. It’s the manager and he says to me he has called on my name over 5 times. There was one time the manager told me to work with (insert female name here) and I pointed to a male coworker and asked if that was (insert female name here) without even thinking and they both laughed about it. I don’t want my severe ADD buggering up my relationship with my co-workers so early into my job experience. 
Are you on meds for your ADD? You could try nootropics. All of my life I've had really bad problems with attention too. It was particularly bad when I was really young. I used to get in trouble all the time. I gradually grew out of it though. I actually do have hearing problems. I had a hole in my right ear drum that wasn't patched up until I was around 13. It made it much harder to pay attention to what people were saying. I also have trouble working under social situations. The pressure gets to me and anything verbal is a bit challenging (though I get by). You could try practicing active listening techniques.
This is what I’ve done as well. And OP my job may be different than yours (I work in an office) but the things you describe are spot on the way my ADHD and anxiety manifest themselves in the workplace. My co-workers seriously do think I have some sort of hearing loss.

I too try to stay upbeat (or as my co-worker said when asked about my strengths, have a “Good personality, kind of like a bubbly high school cheerleader, when it’s not annoying”. He is bad at compliments, to say the least haha). I am self aware of my weaknesses and try to find the humor in them, which has lead to others being able to as well, instead of them just thinking I’m clueless.

I’m open and honest with my bosses about my weaknesses as well, and have found that most all of my former bosses have been able to “figure me out” and adapt how they ask me to do things or explain things to me.

Generally, in reviews or just in conversation, I have found that the thing my bosses like about me are the fact that I’m reliable, always trying to do better, and most importantly I correct when I make mistakes. I’m honest, apologize, find out what I did wrong and ask how to do better, and then I do it. I actually got promoted at two jobs (one retail, one office) because of exactly that. That’s insane even to me, before I had always been the “problem child” at work who meant well but always struggled and was the weakest link. I still find that I have to work really hard to keep up with my peers and to keep a positive attitude. But doing the things I talked about above have really helped me come a long way!
First, you have to understand all low wage jobs like this will be full of morons who think anyone with learning disabilities/mental illnesses are annoying/stupid/a bother/lame/uncool.

It's better if you get used to it, expect it, and not give one fuck what they think.

It will also help to talk to the person you report to, tell them you have disabilities, and suggest coping strategies that will help you do your job better. I am pretty sure they are required by law to do this for you. I'd just make sure you have proof you are telling them this and have asked for assistance to work so you have your ass covered in case anything happens

