I have lost who i am and it's getting worse
To anyone reading this and willing to give advice i want to say thank you.

I feel like i no longer know who i am. From since i was young i never felt good enough. i would always compare myself to others and then regardless of who it is i would feel inferior.

I guess because of this i started changing who i am, but not in the way self improvement / discipline kind of way, E.g (Gym / Meditation / Reading etc.)

I would actually start changing my deep down character. If i didn't like someone or something i would force myself to like it. If i didnt feel confident i would fake it. If i felt unhappy i would force myself to be happy. If i was feeling dumb i would force myself to try and feel smart (i usually did this by overthinking things because i thought thats what smart people did - Think) etc etc.

I would basically have a mask on all the time and because of that i feel like i lost who i am. i have become so dependant on these masks that without them i get very anxious and stressed out especially when i am around other people.

I feel like each mask has its own personality and identity and views the world differently. its gotten to the point where i feel like one mask would like a certain thing and another mask would hate that exact same thing. this varies from food, entertainment, people, hobbies and life goals. Ive spoken to other people about it and have seen around 4 or 5 different councillors but none of them have been particularly helpful. They leave me feeling good for a couple of days but then the same cycle begins where i start thinking about which mask / personality i should put on given the situation i am in.

I have been given the advice that i should just ignore or stop thinking about the personalities. Ive tried that but i just end up feeling flat and lousy for the days that i do that.

Ive used the mask shifting / personality thing to my advantage as well though. Like there have been times where i was studying and the subject i was studying was very dry and boring to me (Accounting). So i decided to change my mask/ personality to one that i knew enjoyed the subject. And then just like i was pressing a switch i felt like a different person, and now being this new person i was able to look at my study notes and like magic i suddenly understood them and even enjoyed them.

Same thing goes with food, sports and even people. I could be having a conversation with someone who i know the current personality / mask doesn't get along with too well, so i would change my personality / mask to someone i know they interact well with. It's so strange and i just end up feeling like i cant connect form a meaningful connection with anyone because our relationship depends more or less on which personality i am in.

And every time i change a mask / personality i feel like a new person. So if i start the day being one personality and for some reason i change around 3 or 4 pm, i would feel like a completely different person from that point onwards. I would feel like that wasn't even me in the beginning of the day because i would no longer be in the same personality / mask.

This has been happening for many years now - around 7ish years. and i feel its getting worse and worse and im getting more confused as time goes on. I am 25 years old now, and this is seriously holding me back

If anyone has any advice on this i would appreciate it tremendously. I haven't been able to find anything else relating to what i am feeling currently and none of my councillors or therapists have been able to either.

Even whilst writing this my personality changed and as a result my writing style changed. So i adjusted the the title because my previous personality liked it but now the current one didn't so i thought i would change it.

Oh god, this is so confusing.

Thank you for taking the time to read this.
Well, I can't give you much good advice here, because I'm only 15, and my version of what you do is I change how I act, not really how I feel. However, I will say this with experience in another part of it. You said you felt that you weren't connecting in a meaningful way to other people because of this. My advice on this- don't. No matter how lost it seems, your true personality is in their somewhere, and that can be found through finding the one similarity between every mask. It may be hard to find, but it must be there, trust me. When you find that one similarity, focus on that, and don't worry about "meaningful" relationships with other people. I don't really have any either (though I pretend I do), I just know the one thing that makes me happy no matter what personality I'm using or how I'm feeling. Find what you love with all your masks, and focus on that. Then, you'll have somewhere to go when this is making you feel down, and you'll forget about it for awhile.
I feel for you dude.... Life can be so hard, and that's before we go get in our own way. Be kind to yourself while you work this out. You sound like an intelligent person with a good understanding of the issue; trust your therapists (5 is too many in my opinion! Rhetorical interjection btw, no need to justify your medical team), apply their strategies, discard what doesn't work, keep what does and improve it as you gain a better understanding.

Be self-centered while you're working on yourself; take great pride in having a real understanding of the issue and than taking the initiative to better yourself! The majority of people are not capable of this.
