How do i "fix" my depressive friend
I know that there isn't such thing as fixing a mental illness but i just want ways to help my friend out. She has really been knocked down by herself and life.

When she was a kid she was a positive and talented person now she is a total wreck and unable to sustain herself.

It is kinda sad really she told me all about the friends she had and how her life was amazing when all of the sudden she destroys everything she liked about her life for no reason at all.

Her mother never was around to help her and she lacked a father she was basically alone all the time as a kid, with some of her friends that all ended up moving somewhere else or just leaving her.

She let her emotions get to her, i am not saying that you shouldn't learn anything from your emotions what i am saying is don't let the ideas made by emotions take you over like a child.

Nowadays she is a obese woman that hates her job as a secretary for a heavy gear business along that she has no shown talents and no hobbies.

She is a pretty good artist but she keeps going on her self hate speeches and starts hearing her present emotions more than anything else it infuriates me to see somebody talented wasting away because of their own delusions of how "useless" they are.

But if i get too aggressive she starts getting mad at me saying that i am going to abandon her that i hate her when in reality i don't hate her i just hate her defective side.

I don't know what to do with her. I feel like giving up and abandoning her. At one point i was everyday telling her to do something about her problems she got really pissed at me and i ended up not talking to her for a few days.

She is so delicate yet full of thorns. She lost alot of potential friends because of her behaviour and i feel like i am the next.
You sound like a great friend but please remember to take care of yourself as well. Your wellbeing is just as important.

I’m sorry if this comes across as rude but it’s not your job to take care of her all the time. There is a huge difference between being supportive of your friend and being there for her. But when it starts to effect your wellbeing in anyway it can become quite problematic. If she isn’t in therapy I’d strongly recommend it. She’ll probably fight it at first but hopefully she’ll see it’s the best thing for her.
 I have BPD and that sounds very much like my experience. Honestly, therapy, especially DBT, can have a huge benefit for people with BPD or similar symptoms.

You can't help her, other than by being kind and understanding and also protecting yourself from psychological fatigue. You might try suggesting therapy... but ultimately, you need to take care of yourself first.

