People say they love me and they care... but tbh if I died, I won't make any difference in anyone's life. I'm just an unimportant fly on the wall.It was a great day, better than my normal shaking-uncontrollably-with-anxiety days. Thanksgiving had just passed and I finally felt I had something to be thankful for, her. Going back I know she really did herself a favour by leaving me. I don’t know how to treat a woman or how to truly love a woman because I can’t fucking stand myself. I was always frustrated and screaming at her. At my lowest point I was hitting her and calling her names. I’m just so tired of hurting the people I care about. I feel like an uncontrollable monster. Is the off switch at the bottom of my pill bottles, sitting neatly on the third shelf of my bathroom cabinet? Please help.

They say a failure means a success will follow. I am sick of attempting to break into career after career only to fall short ofThe up and coming field always gets saturated fast and unless you're either a woman, racial minority or you have special connections, you're screwed regardless of how talented you are. I don't want to try to pursue another "promising" field, build another portfolio or earn more certifications. It happened with IT, chemical engineering, law, and now I’m hearing software engineering is suffering. I’m sick of "starting at the bottom" again and again only to feet passed over.I'm already seeing my friends with finances, fancy apartments, kids and houses. They never had to repeatedly fail to find their place in life. I’m still living at home because I can't afford to move out. I can't even think about girls because no girl wants to date a loser living at home.The only thing preventing me from suicide is the thought of hell. But I don't know, maybe I did kill myself and I am currently in hell.28 November 2017, the date of my suicide, is almost here. I have chosen my method, worked out my logistics and tied up loose ends.Life just wasn't for me. I tried education and college but dropped out in my final year. After I was no longer a student, I guess I lost my sense of identity. In college I mattered. I was somebody and I had a purpose: to finish exams and get a degree.Now as a dropout, my options are limited and there is no path available to me that truth excites me. I can't work a dead-end job going nowhere and not making a difference. I thought about the military as that would give me a purpose and I would feel like I was part of something more but now I don't feel the same.Suicide seems like the next logical option. I know my friends and family will be shocked and unable to see why I choose to do this. I wish I could explain to them in person exactly why and answer their questions but unfortunately that's not possible.I hope any of you who read this and feel similar to me find your purpose and live a long and happy life but for me that's not the case. Goodbye.Can't even do that right, lmao.Told: ditching school because of anxiety and hating it, unhappy with home environment, constantly thinking about ending it, feelings getting stronger towards it as the closer it gets to having to confront my parents about failing.