Sign of mental illness! 
I got really high last night and wrote this. I am wondering if it's a sign of some kind of mental illness or if I'm just being a regular human. Thanks very much. I can provide context if asked.

My sadness is like a really distorted view of gods sadness. He looks at the world and sees the sin and does everything He can to save us without taking away our free will. But I look at the pain in the world and I exacerbate it. I don't treat it instead i do everything in my power to hide from it. In a bubble. And sometimes I even let it take hold of me. Like I have now. Like I have now. I crossed it out I didn't erase it so I could see and remember how I felt. I am so close yet so far from being taken captive by the world like hanging on by a thread. But that thread is indestructible and it's somehow infinitely huge. I can barely see it now but I will see it and it will be bigger than I can imagine. It will be infinitely huge. And something that's infinitely huge must contain an infinite amount of potential situations including a perfect God that could somehow overrule the entirely of the infinite being, because infinity is actually perfect. Because you can't have evil without good and if you eliminate gold and evil you have eliminated good but there can only be perfection rather than nothing at all because nothing somehow is perfection. This is te somehow part. I don't know how to resolve the somehow. Wait that makes no sense. See just there I was like Peter walking on water but almost falling. Giving into his own power. I see now what my problem is. I'm lazy and o need to move forward instead of progressing as much as a sine wave. I need help though. Mostly from god. But I might need to first start with other people. Ask them to help me. So I can better help others in the long run. Because isn't that the golden rule? Yeah it's totally the golden rule. But I cannot follow the golden rule until I follow God again. I can't use my current situation as an excuse not to follow God. I can't use anything as an excuse. But honestly though now I am too much of an infant still to do it on my own. I will need to ask for help. God help me. I am subject to the human condition. I realize that I am believing lies and am starting to realize that the lies im believing are lies. I can only be a part of your plan if you empower me. Because I can't do it on my own. Please help. The sadness is too much
Well I just want to give a disclaimer before I proceed and I in no way mean to come off rude. Please do not use the internet to diagnose yourself.

Anyway I need a little bit more information about you before I can proceed. How is your energy levels? Tell me what your overall mood is. I’m not using this as a diagnostic tool it’s just better to write it all out. Especially if you go see a mental health professional. It’ll really cut the time in half if you go in knowing what you’re going to say.

If you are worried you should contact a therapist or a psychiatrist. That’s the only way to get a good idea what’s going on and a proper diagnosis. 

