I don't know what the fucking problem is I get so irritated with people so annoyed, the slightest thing will piss me off make me think i've done something wrong.It's like I have a second skin engulfing me day by day.
Nothing interests me. Nothing but listening to music.I'm becoming more and more antisocial. I don't like going out anymore.I scratch at my skin so the stinging takes my mind some place else.I don't want to go to a doctor again or see a therapist they couldn't do anything but give me some prozac and now i'm off that.I just want to die, like really want to die. I see no point in my future, I'm going to die eventually so why the fuck not now.I thought I got rid of the depression. I thought I was better, but now it's coming back even stronger and I don't know what's even causing it I think my brains just fucked up.I don't know what to do. what the fuck do I do to stop it getting worse. I have a standard routine and even doing something like a hobby doesn't stop the feeling of wanting to diealso things that seem impossible to change. And that's especially the suicidal thoughts Some bad thing happens, and it just reminds me of how much effort it will take to get to where I want to go in life. And my brain tells me, "Well, maybe it's not worth it after all." My other realisation was that I am negative about everything pretty much. I don't see the point in anything, I'm always the rain on someone's parade - I'm just a bit of a cunt - but I'm funny about it so I get away with it. I get told a lot that I'm like a sociopath because I'm so empty and have a lack of emotions.  a problem with anger, irritability and slight attention seeking tendencies. I don't say that to be rude or anything. The best way to be sure you're not a sociopath would be to see a psychiatrist or a therapist I feel bad for having opportunities many other people don't. This feeling doesn't allow me to enjoy the pleasures I've worked hard for genuinely selfless. The guilt that you’re feeling is not a bad thing.  Something bad, really bad happened. I moved. I ran really far away to another state, using another name, trying to lay low so nobody found me. I don't want to go back to my old life. I'm afraid that they will find me. I haven't met any friends here because I'm scared to leave the house. Should I have even left? At least I had friends there. At least people knew me, even if they kept me locked down like that. I have nobody here. Feel like I'm going crazy. Been on reddit all day to try and keep my mind off of things I under-exaggerate times. Hell I get into a huge slump and lose focus, motivation, happiness, and overall just zone out in a fit of self-hate and frustration I've never sought any sort of mental help; the thoughts and issues I have are very minor relative to the tough hands a lot of people are dealt.
