I feel awful for making her deal with this. So what things can I do to try and get out of this 
i have been in treatment for years I just feel worse and worse. my family has no money and no opportunities. I hate myself I can't look at myself in the mirror without crying and cutting myself or trying to break the mirror. I am fat and disgusting and I hate my hands and I hate everything about me. I have no talent I have no future in art. I can't work a desk job. I can't graduate high school, I haven't been to school in years. I have no friends, I can't socialize. I can't communicate with anyone. I just sit for the solidhour with mytherapist because I can't talk to him. I need music and I can't listen to it with other people around. I need to kill myself to escape from everything. i want to die. I need to not feel this way anymore. I have felt this way for as long as I can remember, all throughout my childhood. I don't know what to do. I am so lost. I am so scared. I am so sad you feel pretty fucking awful. I can't speak to why but your pain is coming across loud and clear I am so sorry you are suffering so much. Please don't kill yourself. Can you share more about your experiences with therapy? Have you shared these feelings with the counselor yet I am so ashamed and so afraid I can't make myself talk to him. I don't trust him. i don't want to tell him anything. I don't want to tell anyone anything. I don't trust any of them TALK TO YOUR THERAPIST. You have chronic, severe depression dislike your body figure. exercise had been proved to treat depression, anxiety and increase levels of self work and efficacy One of my many difficult, repetitive experiences in this life is that I am constantly stressed by all of the things on my "to-do" list, i.e- all of the "shoulds" and really struggle to be able to give myself a break, even if I'm doing the best that I can Probably because I could do a lot more with my time. I spend a lot of time depressed, and frittering away precious time in escapism the perfectionism won't let me get away that easy I'm depressed, alcoholic, anxious, traumatized, etc and just having the time and energy and opportunity to work out is awesome. Here is a snapshot of the mental craziness around one aspect of my life in which perfectionism, depression, and shame rear their ugly head every day Am not focusing enough on results/outcomes/quality of my workouts/consistent progress I'm always so damned lethargic and depressed that just getting through Do not let your partner manipulate you or use their trauma as an excuse for bad behavior help this doesn’t mean it’s not hard to deal with when I become hostile for seemingly no reason I can do is work on myself, apologizing when my actions hurt others and being conscientious of how the symptoms of my illness, such as panic attacks, affect those around me. Having a mental illness or experiencing trauma doesn’t give anyone a free pass to treat the people around them badly I was frustrated After work, I already feel so mentally exhausted that it’s hard for me to feel motivated enough to read or write, even though those are two of my favorite activities. I usually end up aimlessly browsing social media or watching Netflix for hours, then I just feel bad about myself I really really want to die. But I can't. I just can't It would destroy my parents. Completely and utterly destroy them I don't see myself with a future anymore, I'm skint af looking for a job but that's not even the problem.
