I wanted my first entry to be one that was personal and showed where I came from and who I am today. I am sharing this story knowing that I am vulnerable to others’ words and judgments, but I am pushing myself to overcome this fear for the sake of sharing my experience with God and second chances, and for you to all know me a little better. A lesson that I am hoping you will all take away is that we all experience pain and we can overcome it. Life is such a great gift that I often took for granted. Although undeserving, God gave me a second chance.

November of last year marked the ten year anniversary of my suicide attempt. I can’t believe it has been that long but at the same time it feels like it was just yesterday. Years of insecurity, low self-worth, lack of faith, and pain-evoking experiences had all played a role in me making that life-altering decision.

It all began when I was a child. I was molested when I was 8 years old by, who was once, my favorite uncle. This had shattered my world. I think what may have affected me the most was how the situation was handled after. Nobody really wanted to speak about it. Everyone dealt with the pain in silence. I felt alone. I had nobody to talk to, nobody to cry to, or at least that is how I felt at that time. I had become withdrawn. I blamed myself at times for what had happened. I felt dirty, insecure, and hated myself.

I, also, grew up being overweight and having acne. This just added to my insecurities. I remember hating myself, hating the way I looked, hating who I was, hating everything about me. I would always pray to be skinny, to feel beautiful, and to finally love myself. I know it definitely sounds like a shallow prayer but hey give me a break, I was a teenager. I truly thought being skinny and pretty would be the answer to all that was wrong.

I hated high school, a time when my self-hatred had reached its peak. It was a difficult time for me. I was teased by boys that I liked, made fun of for being overweight, and never got attention from boys like many of my friends did. My low self-esteem allowed others to take advantage of me and treat me poorly because I felt that is what I deserved. It must be me. I must have done something wrong to deserve it. I was the queen of negative self-talk. I can still remember that I would sit in class and think things like “Shilpa, you are the fattest person in this room” “You are the ugliest person in this room.” I would cry often. I was miserable.

One day, something changed. I was sick of being miserable. I, slowly, began working out and eating better. I lost about 30 lbs when I was 16. I thought, yes, finally I’ll be happy. This would make me finally love myself. I did like who I saw in the mirror a lot more but I definitely was still unhappy. I was extremely hard on myself. I hated making mistakes and disappointing others’ expectations. I wanted everyone to love me even though I did not love myself. All this self-hatred led me to make a decision that would change my life forever.

One night I swallowed a bottle and a half of my parents’ controlled meds hoping that I would not wake up the next morning. I hated myself so much that I felt that my family and this world would be better off without me. I was just a disappointment to my family and to others around me. I woke up the next morning and I couldn’t believe it. What did I do wrong? Why didn’t it work? Somehow, I was able to function that entire day. I went to bed that night thinking the next day everything will be back to normal. When I awoke, I could not move. I could not speak. All I could do was cry. I had wet the bed. I had absolutely no control over my body. My brother came into my room and heard me crying. He knew something was wrong. He called for help. I remember my dad holding my limp body and telling the paramedics “no, she would not have taken those pills. My daughter would not have done that.” I remember hearing this and thinking “oh God, what did I do?” I woke up in the hospital and saw my mother crying over my bed asking why I did it. I had no words. I just cried and said I’m sorry. The doctor said it was a miracle that I was alive and that did not have any brain damage.

I felt embarrassed. I couldn’t believe I had done what I did. I remember praying for nobody that I knew to find out. I did not want anyone to think I was crazy. I did not want to be the new topic of whispers in the community.
It took me a while to truly digest what had happened. What did it all mean? God had given this girl, who felt insignificant and undeserving of life, a second chance. He showed me that I was meant to be here. My presence on this earth has a purpose. Since then, I was on a mission to figure it out. Why am I here? What am I meant to do? How am I going to make a difference?

Then, about two years ago, during my internship in Occupational Therapy School, my preceptor had committed suicide. I spent about 4 weeks with her. This seems like such a short period of time, but losing her in this way had greatly affected me, especially because of my history with suicide. After I grieved, I tried to make sense of why this happened while I was her student. There is meaning behind every experience. This experience is what has made me want to share my story today. I had only known her for four weeks but she had impacted me tremendously. She was a part of my life and I was devastated when she was gone. This made me realize that if I only knew her for 4 weeks and she affected me this much, I couldn’t even fathom how much her family, friends, and son missed her. I’m sure she felt as if the world would be better without her and that nobody would miss her (as I Once did). This was far from the truth. There were so many people that cared for her.

Each and every one of us has our role to play in this world, whether it is to be a teacher, parent, friend, lover, child of God. We all play a part. You are never alone and you are never unloved. You will be missed if you are gone. You can always reach out to someone for help. Suicide should never be the answer! If you are thinking about suicide, talk to a family member, friend, spiritual leader, a co-worker. If you are not comfortable speaking with someone you know, call a suicide hotline. Here is the number to the Suicide & Crisis of North Texas hotline (214) 828-1000. I’m not sure if anyone would want to speak with me, but hey I’m available too. I’m not a trained professional, but I can try my very best to help or at least lead you in the direction of someone who will.

Please do not misinterpret my intention in sharing my story. I am not looking for any sympathy. My reasoning behind doing this is to bring up topics that many feel are faux paux, especially in the Indian community. I am hoping that this can help at least one person, who may be going through any of the struggles that I did. I was blessed enough to get a second chance. It would be selfish of me not to talk about what I have been through and what I have learned. I am still trying to figure out my purpose in this world, why God wanted me to live. The journey thus far has been an amazing one; one filled with struggle, lessons learned, success, love, a growing appreciation for life around me, and a deeper love for GOD.

Now, I want to take this time to thank some amazing people who have helped me to learn to love myself, who have helped me become who I am today. I have never really spoken to my family about my suicide attempt. I never shared how I felt towards them. To my dear parents, thank you for constantly working so hard and praying for me, so I could live a good life. I can never repay you for the sacrifices you have made for me to be happy. To my oldest sister, second mom, I love you so much. I will forever be grateful to you for staying with me for a week after my suicide attempt. I know you and my brother in law had exciting things going on in your lives at that time, but you dropped everything to be with me. I will never forget it. To Siny, I know we don’t share our feelings often but I want to thank you for always being a protective older sister. Thank you for always wanting to beat up anyone that has ever hurt me. To my baby brother, thank you for calling for help that day. You will forever be my hero. To my absolutely incredible true friends (you know who you are) and family, thank you for loving me without judgment. Thank you for allowing me to be myself and loving me for it. I love you all so much! Next, thank you to my amazing brides, clients, and supporters for making my dream a reality every single day. To God, thank you for this second chance at life. I cannot even begin to express how I am grateful for it. I could not have imagined missing out on all of this.

I am no longer embarrassed! I am a survivor and this is my story. 
