How can I help my mentally ill friend?Hi everyone!

I’m after a bit of advice on how to help my friend. She was diagnosed with body Dysmorphia and bulimia about 2 years ago now. She got a lot of help with therapy and anti depressants and seemed to get a bit better. Since then she’s gone from a size 10 to an 18, and it’s completely obsessive about everything. She knows she’s overweight and is completely miserable and depressed about it. She won’t talk about it to anyone, only myself, another friend and her husband know. She hasn’t told her family

I don’t think her husband knows the full extent of her problems as she is so good at hiding them. It makes me so sad to see her the way she is and also I find it so draining as I’m the person closest to her she texts me all day everyday stressing about her every movement, some of her stresses are so complex I don’t understand them.

She’s an absolute shadow of the person she was and I don’t think she’s getting the help she needs. I just think she’s being pumped full of antidepressants and is bottling everything up.

With her body dysmorphia there is no way I could bring her weight up and I don’t want her to feel like I’m saying she’s hard work because I’m the only one she feels she can talk to and I don’t want her to feel like she has no one.

Any suggestions on what I can do?
it’s hard because for me my mind knows what I need to do. it knows if years and years ago I just ate healthily and exercised then i’d have my goal body by now. but still I just can’t do that and I always go back to restricting, purging etc. and it’s really hard to deal with because you know what you should be doing but you are still compelled to do the other bad things. even if you want to stop you just can’t

she must be binging a lot to have gained so much weight and she most likely feels miserable about this and possibly may be suicidal because of it. she really needs professional help. you know her best and should know the best way to approach her without her shutting down. you and everyone who cares about her could form an intervention. but you can also just talk to her one on one and ask her what’s going on. ask her more in depth why she thinks she’s bulimic. why she binges and purges (in a sensitive sympathetic way) and if there’s anything you can do to help because it’s not healthy and could kill her. just explain your concerns, she most likely is concerned herself. we know what we do is killing us and most of us want help
I speak from experience. You are her friend, not her therapist. If you feel that she is needing and taking more than just normal friendship, if you feel like you are the only thing keeping her from drowning much of the time, then you are filling the role of a therapist and that's not your job.

I would try suggesting that she find a new therapist. If she is seeing one now, then apparently it's not the right one.

Don't let her suck the life out of you. After a very similar experience with my friend, our friendship is now pretty much over. I just burned out and now we have nothing left to talk about. If you value your friendship you have to set boundaries.

I'm not trying to be mean, I just know how easy it is to get so wrapped up in someone else's problems. I've learned a phrase that has helped me a lot: Not my circus, not my monkeys. It doesn't mean I don't care, it just means that I can be a friend but ultimately I am not responsible for someone else's issues.

