    I am aware of this, and because I don't want to feel bad for myself, I don't really ever address thoughts that I've had for years on end. Perhaps most of you feel this way, but no one talks about it.I'm not sure how many of you maintain standard professions without losing your minds. I've been "successful" (as far as how society typically defines it) in a couple different areas - I'm a software engineer for a top 5 tech company, I trade on the side (and beat the S&P). I work out and keep myself in shape. Most people from the outside would say I have a lot of friends, but the truth is I don't consider many "close" - and many of those "close" are childhood/university friends. I've had difficulty developing close friendships in the 15 years since then. Most people you ask about me would consider me an optimist, but that becomes more difficult by the year. I honestly feel a bit isolated and like I don't fit in; I've tried to get involved in different activity groups, it just hasn't been successful. I would like to think I give off a laid back, mostly optimistic vibe, but I just don't connect to people.  Instead of addressing the core issues that I perceive, I've found myself turning more and more toward behaviors that aren't typical of me (drugs, sex with randoms) as a bandaid. But even those are cool for a couple times, then it's boring  any time i mess up or make someone upset or do badly on something i feel like my subconscious is yelling at me “youll never be good enough” “youre shit” “youre problematic” and things similar to that and that im just bad in general. like today i got a 73 on an algebra exam and at first I was okay and then i suddenly got super anxious and upset and started feeling like i was shit and that id never get anywhere in life sleep with roommate, she gets attached and has/is suffering from depression, now no longer sleeping together but she still sleeps over due to increasing episodes and I feel trapped because she has no one to turn to and still stays over regularly.  Occupational hazard 
