4 months ago, I felt so down. I felt as if someone put gravity on the highest level and I was bringing pulled into that ground. Constant thoughts of suicide followed me everywhere. Work, school, when I was alone at night. I knew how bad it was getting and how badly I wanted it...instead I got help. The reason being was seeing everyone's reaction after being sent to the mental health hospital. There was so much good vibes around me it inspired me. Also everyone at the hospital especially inspired me...there are people out that who are good and who only want to help.When I got out, I started seeing a therapist and taking medication. I also started doing things for myself more. Not going out as much, binge watching good shows, reading, learning new recipes. Your own company is the best and it's been the best for the last four months.Also I quit drinking and I've never regretted that decision.It gets better friends, hold in there :)Sorry to be vague, I've never done anything like this before so I guess I'm just looking for advice/reason to not just give up. I feel like I'm literally drowning and have no one.Hi, I was put on the antidepressant ‘fluoxetine’ (aka Prozac) 20mg a month ago. And the first couple of weeks where hellish, side effects and I kind of expected as much. But anyway I stuck with it cause I’m bound to feel better eventually right?nope.Yes I know sometimes it takes 6-8 weeks to kick in but good fucking lord do I feel bad. I’m extremely suicidal and have taken time (over a month now) out of school. I’m struggling to leave the house and think I’ve become quite paranoid and may even be hallucinating a little.I plan to have it changed ASAP but that’s difficult to get done when you can’t even leave the house.Will it get better anytime soon?? Anyone else had this reaction?I lost my job a few months back and have had no luck finding a new job to sustain me and my wife. We've been struggling so much financially. I think we'll be evicted soon.I feel her resenting me for our position and we don't laugh as much as we used to. She's young. Younger than me by a year, and I can't help but think about how much easier I could make life for her if I ended my own. She could move home and start over and not have a lot to regret as she is so young.There's a moss burg 12 gauge shotgun in our bedroom and I often just want to rush in there, bite the barrel and blow my brains out.No more pain. No more struggling.You don't have to let it ruin your day.It's like any other defect you may have. Eventually, you learn to accept that it is a part of you, and you have good days despite it lingering around.Trying to cure suicidal tendencies is like trying to cure someone of wanting to win the lottery.