My name is Jacq, and I'm presently working on collecting portraits and written inspiration for a project that involves photography, written word, and music to portray a varied look at what living with mental illness can be like, and I would love your help in developing the project. Those whose contributions are utilized in the project will have the option of being credited in the final publication, according to their preference. Those who participate as a portrait subject (with myself as the photographer) will receive 2 edited photos of their choice from the shoot.

So you know a bit about me: I'm currently a creative writing grad student at UW Bothell near Seattle, WA working on her thesis (this project). I myself suffer from depression, anxiety, and dermatillomania, and am currently working with doctors to obtain an accurate diagnosis, which I've never received, along with proper medication for what that diagnosis ends up being. Normalizing expression and cultivating both internal and societal acceptance of living with mental illness is one of the big driving forces in my work.

Basically, I aim to create art that lets others know that they are not alone in their darkest hours and reveals to those who don't have the experience what those dark places feel like and how vital and human those who experience them still are.

In this project, what I'm trying to represent are the ways in which suffering from mental illness can feel very much so, metaphorically, like a ghost trying to reach out and connect with the living—that sense of detachment, of feeling like yourself but somehow very much not like yourself. I'm interested in capturing very honest and natural and unique expressions of what that means to different individuals.

I've created a survey that I would be so grateful if you'd be willing to fill out. It can be as anonymous as you'd like, and it can be as in depth or as guarded as you'd like. And know that I will not share this information with anyone nor attribute it to your name/pseudonym/handle without your permission. You can fill out the survey here: http://babble-lens.com/weyouiq.

I also collecting portraits of people of all ages, genders, creeds, sizes, shapes, colors, and backgrounds. I am not seeking models. I am seeking real people who have been touched by mental illness of some kind who are willing to be portrait subjects and are open to speaking with me about their experiences. If you are in the Pacific Northwest within reach of train or bus transit from Seattle, I would love to hear from you at the following link to work toward setting up a photoshoot: http://babble-lens.com/weyouiphotos.

For those who suffer personally, I'd love to explore visually how that may feel to you. For those who have experience with loved ones who suffer, I'd love to explore what it may mean to be on the other end, trying to reach through to the other side to someone who is suffering. I'm very much so focused on these shoots being an exploration, a collaboration between the subjects and myself, a very relaxed and safe and comfortable improvisation more than a pose and point and click kind of thing. The key elements I'm looking for are sincerity and vulnerability and openness. The images themselves will be used in a sort of transparent digital collage alongside written word inspired by discussions or surveys and accompanying music to try to create an immersive environment that depicts the way in which suffering from mental illness of whatever kind can obstruct a realistic view of the world and create a barrier between connecting with others in a normal or healthy way.
