The only reason I haven't put a bullet through my head yet is because I’ve grown indifferent and become a lazy workaholic. I sit on my ass all day at my parent house till I go to work and wait for the next morning. I don't do shit worthwhile and I'm wasting a lifetime of potential. I used to do all kinds of cool shit to try to pull myself out of the slump I was always in but at this point it give me less anxiety to just accept I'm not going to ever make it out. I feel like an ass posting here because I’ll I am doing is wasting some good intentioned peoples time and concern. I wish I had some time of motivation to express gratitude to people who deserve it. My grandparents both passed and it wasn’t until then that I realized how much I wish I could’ve told them. I wish i could say they'd be proud of me if they were still around. I'm just going to try to make it to 21 next year and hope the alcohol keeps me around longer. There’s still a part of me that gives a shit but I can’t bring it out anymoreI would be so ecstatic. No more fear of fucking my life over, no more caring about anything. I could do whatever I want until I was bound to bed and wait for illness to take over me.Just poof. All problems disappear, I wouldn't be able to worry about anything. It'd be like a blessing to me.Watching people on social media having a fun time without me makes me want to kill myself.I don't do anything anymore, don't enjoy anything, nobody speaks to me, I'm not really important to anyone, I get close to killing myself but not enough to really do it.I don’t know what else to do. I can’t get evicted. I have no one to help me. I’ve tried everything.Tonight, is the night I finally gather my strength and end this stupid life.I've waited long enough, only to get hurt again and again. It never gets better, does it?I won't be missed too much - barely any friends, my family will be fine without me I'm sure.I only wish I could have made a better mark on this world, right now I'm just that annoying pathetic kid that nobody likes.Sorry to everybody for being such a disappointment.I love you all, but this is for the greater good, trust me.That's the message I'm going to leave behind when I finally go through with killing myself. The irony is too poetic not to.