I want to share my thoughts with anybody. At school I was quite good student,I had one of the best grades at every school,but I wasn't good enough for me.My father comitted suicide when I was 13. After 6 months my mother came into relationship with next man,who I hate.He's a murderer,he was in jail for murder. I hate him,now I'm 21 and I don't even come to eat,when he is at home.We hate each other.I've had a lot of argues with him and my mother. He acts like he's my father,but he's not.I have my own room and I spend most of time here or outdoor.When I started high school,I met my girlfriend. We had a lot of unforgettable moments.Then I broke up with her, because my lack of involvment.I knew it's my fault and she won't be happy,I was just stupid. I've tried to get her back,but he has another boyfriend.I think I still love her (after 4 years),these were the best moments of my life. I've had hobbys,I played football a lot,watched and read about many sports,I felt like I know everything about sport.But when I turn 19 my friends stopped to do any sport. Me either,I've started to party.I became a lazy guy,I didn't care about anything.I graduated high school,then I came to college.But on last year of high school I stopped to going to school. I only drank alcohol sometimes and didn't have desire to live.It's up till today.I went to college only for one month,I was totally wild.I'm shy and can't talk with anybody new.I don't have any anxiety, I just don't know what to talk about and what should I say.After college I went to work,to Germany (not my homeland).I worked as electrcian's helper.It was a nightmare.People who I worked with were insulting me,because I couldn't do some things (I've done it first time,I've been just a helper and wanted to learn),I had to fight with them 2 times.I've escaped to my homeland and didn't do anything for one year.I'm totally scared to work till today. I think I can't do anything.I'm totally useless.I don't wanna live anymore,but I don't want to commit suicide (I know it's strange).One month ago I went to collage again,but I stopped after 2 weeks,it's too much for me.Now I live a lie. I pretend I go to college,but I just walk outdoor and then come back home.I feel like piece of shit,I'm totally useless.I don't have my own money and I spend all my free time in my room.Sometimes I drink an alcohol,it makes me happy for a while. I've lost my passion and desire to live.I hate myself,I'm overweight,afraid to work,shy and useless.I can't talk with people.I've lost all my contacts with family,I talk only with my friends and people who live in my house. I hate my country,I think all people are stupid.I have never accomplished any of my goals,never.I learn English for a long time and I can't even use it fluently.My biggest dream is to live in USA,speak any foreign language and learn something which will let me earn money.I just want to be normal person,but I think it's impossible.MY life is my nightmare and I feel I'm done.Sorry for that shitty syntax,I can't even learn English.I don't know why I'm sharing this.I think I'm looking for any help and want to ask you one thing: Is it possible to get out of that and become happy?What should I do? Ask me any question,I will answer back.Thanks in advance for your help.
