I'm scared there might be something wrong with me
For the past year or so now I've been feeling really awful with a long list of unnatural feelings towards a lot of aspects of my life. To begin with, I feel incredibly paranoid towards everything and fear that everyone wants to harm me which makes it really hard for me to get help. I feel constantly anxious about everything from attending classes at Uni to just speaking to my flatmates and my family. More recently I've been feeling incredibly defeatist and demotivated to do anything through this, I haven't been to class in two weeks as I've convinced myself that what I'm doing is pointless anyway. I'm scared there might be something wrong with me but I don't want to go around tagging myself with illnesses but am terrified to seek professional help...do I have issues or am I just a lousy person? Rules say I should state my country, so it's England, just so I don't break rules or something somehow. I really appreciate any help anyone can give but I'd understand if people didn't want to.
I definitely think you should seek professional help, as the problems you are having are causing you distress and affecting your quality of life. A professional will be able to work out what is going on and help you to cope.

When it comes to being scared there is something wrong with you, the best advice I can give is that pretty much everyone has some sort of "issue" and no one is perfect. My psychiatrist agrees with this statement as even she has aspects of her life that she needs to work on, despite the fact that most patients think she is perfect and has it all together. Getting help is nothing the be ashamed of and plenty of "normal" people see mental health professionals to learn how to better cope with the ups and downs of life.

In regards to the concern that there isn't anything "wrong" and you are just a lousy person, the fact that you have posted here and are reaching out for help shows me that this isn't the case.

The best advice I can give you is to take it one step at a time. You have already taken the first step of reaching out to someone else, which is great. Whether you choose to see a counselor at your university or a general practitioner to start off the process of getting professional help is completely up to you and what you are most comfortable with, but even if you do see a general practitioner I recommend talking to someone at your university just to let them know what is going on.

What I did was I saw my general practitioner and spoke to her about what was going on (I live in Australia by the way). She referred me to a therapist and worked with my therapist to manage my care, which for me included prescribing medication. After some time of being in therapy and a few hospital stays, it became apparent that I personally needed to see a psychiatrist, as the mental health issues I was dealing with were quite severe.

I also recommend keeping what I call a mental health record. My psychiatrist recommended that I do this and it has been helpful for both her and myself. I write an entry every day and it includes how much I slept the night before, if I had any naps that day, my mood and symptoms I experienced (e.g. chest pain from anxiety, inability to sit still, hallucinations, paranoia, etc.), the medication I took and most importantly something good/productive I did that day. Some days, the good thing I did was as little as brushing my teeth and taking a shower. Regardless of how small the good thing you did may seem, I found it very helpful as it helped me to be more positive instead of just focusing on the negative. You can alter what you record to suit your needs, but either way I recommend keeping a record even if it is just a few dot points. There are also a bunch of apps available that you can use to do this if you prefer.

Sorry that this is quite long, but I wanted to be thorough. I wish you the best of luck in getting help and try to remember to take it one step at a time.
Can you define "something wrong with me" ? I believe everyone has a right to feel the way he/she does. Maybe you should find a trustworthy person just to talk about the way you feel - and find out why you feel the way you do. Again, everyone is entitled to feel the way they do and I don't think there's anything wrong with that. Really talk is the key - maybe you could find a therapist to "empty your bag". These people are trained to listen to you, not judge you, and eventually help you sort it out. It's just about going forward in life - things don't magically sort them out by themselves and the next thing you know you're free from any discomfort
