I feel like im going through psychosis or some kind of schizophrenic break.
Hey guys. I'm using a throwaway for this one, but I honestly don't know where to turn at this point. I feel like im in a nightmare where no one is listening to me and I'm screaming for help. Im from California.

For context, i've been feeling this way for about 5 years. I've had some family trauma with my Dad passing away and being sent away to a gay conversion camp to try and get me rehabilitated. I was sexually assaulted while there and was taken home soon after, and went to therapy for about a year before stopping.

During high school I would engage in a lot of attention seeking attitudes and would try and make friends, go to parties, and try and escape from my issues. During this time I would have a problem with skipping around friend groups because I was "bipolar" and I would have problems with taking social queues.

After High school I started at a community college by me, and for the first two semester I had trouble focusing. Towards the end of the semester and would lose motivation easily. I resorted to getting my Medical Marijuana card so I could help alleviate some of the anxiety, and it seemed to work. Obviously I had to be highly motivated and driven to not get lazy and become a stoner, but i managed pretty well.

Up until a few months ago things were fine. However, around 8 months ago I started experiencing panic attacks. I would go to sports events and whenever I would compete, I would occasionally hyperventilate and then eventually break down in the bathroom crying. I'm never usually like this, and the attacks are becoming more and more frequent.

I feel as if im suffering an uneasy amount of paranoia and feeling as if im sick, or as if im dying of some disease. The slightest things scare me and if I see an article about car crashes, or something of that nature, I feel almost petrified the moment I get behind the wheel. I've stopped smoking to try and alleviate the stress as I thought there was some kind of correlation, but so far no such luck.

Around 3 weeks ago i felt as if I was hallucinating small things happening. I felt as if people were in my room, and felt that I heard sounds that wernt there. I would ask my boyfriend if he heard a plane or helicopter outside, but nothing was making noise. I felt like there was things in the food I ate, such as poison or like bugs etc, weird stuff. I don't know if this goes under hallucinations but I feel a sense of being unattractive and ugly even though in my mind I know im not. I feel as if there are two voices in my head telling me one thing or another on a given day. This is the primary cause of drama between me and friends, family, and relationships.

I became paranoid that the world was ending and that it was only a matter of time before I died. I would skip classes if I heard about shootings, and if I went to class I could not focus and would just panic. Things are getting worse and I feel as if im ready for a psychotic break. I just want someone to tell me what to do. My family doesnt listen to me because they just think its me being eccentric and just different, but I know or at least believe theres something wrong. 
