I am suicidal again and my girlfriend thinks I have been suffering with depression - Long post with TL;DR

To preface this I’m 17 and currently living with my Grandmother due to complex family circumstances.

My past Back about two years ago my life was completely different; I was incredibly lonely because I was removed from public school due to a complex and confusing history that combined with an equally complex and confusing home life that left me feeling suicidal every night.

I moved on with help from an online friend and a drastic change in lifestyle, but the feeling never completely went away. It was always there, admittedly in a much lower capacity, but still ever-present.

Move on two years and I’m achieving things I never thought I could - I have a healthy social life and a beautiful girlfriend that I love to bits, and I’m studying a subject that I am incredibly passionate about.

But the problems at home never stopped and recently they’re getting worse. This has caused me to completely spiral back into that dark place I tried so desperately to escape from.

The dayitalics Yesterday I was invited to my girlfriend’s mum’s birthday meal, before I left I had a very big argument with my grandmother who is also the main been the main cause of my suffering for these past few years. The entire day I played it cool and cracked jokes, laughed and tried to make a good impression on my girlfriend’s extended family, but the entire time I felt like I was literally about to burst into tears.

The night When I finally got back home there was no one in so I got settled. About ten minutes after coming in I got a text from my girlfriend along the lines of: “don’t worry about today, it was your first time meeting them.” I replied with something similar to: “I wasn’t worried until now, did do something wrong?” She replied with: “next time say goodbye to my parents.

It turns that when I left early to catch a ride I decided to not interrupt a funny conversation her parents where having and simply asked her to thank her parents for me and wish her mother a happy birthday. This apparently mildly offended her mother which was beyond me.

This sent me over the edge, I spent the entire day getting to know her entire extended family when I was in deep emotional pain. There was of course no way for them to know that but it still didn’t help me.

I began venting to my girlfriend about my feelings and she became very alarmed. At the time I didn’t want to answer the phone to her because I was in a state of what I can only describe as frantic sadness and anger. I knew that if I answered the phone I would blame her for sending me over the edge and likely burned a few bridges I have worked very hard to construct.

Don’t get me wrong I treat this girl like a princess because I love her so much. She has a bad history of boyfriends taking advantage of her and emotionally neglecting her. I try to be the exact opposite — I meet her parents, make friends with her little sister and nieces, take her out on social dates and remind her that I love her all the time.

But in this specific situation she unintentionally sent me over the edge with the what I view as incredibly unfair comment from her parents. I angrily explained my issues and she listened keeping in mind my entire past I touched on in the beginning of this post. She was very supportive and made me feel better quite quickly. She is obviously not equipped to properly support me through these times alone and I worry that I am becoming an emotional burden.

She came to the conclusion that I must have depression advised that I speak to a doctor, but that is not really preferable in my current living situation because if my guardian finds out about my issues they will make things worse for me.

My current living situationitalics My Grandmother comes from a background of domestic violence and decades on she is incredibly hard to live with and is the main reason I feel like this. She is incredibly kind and would give you shirt off her back if you needed it, but she is also a lying, manipulative aggressor that makes me feel horrible about existing on the daily.

On the surface she is a sweet old woman that does everything but on the inside she is a narcissistic control freak. She often buys me expensive gifts for birthdays and Christmases, but I don’t ask for them. I’ve learned that she does this to have something to make you feel guilty about - she buys you an expensive present you didn’t ask for, then proceeds to try and control and emotionally abuse you daily, and when you rebel she throws up the unwanted gifts in your face and paints you as the bad guy to everyone else.

I am completely stuck; reasoning with my grandmother is impossible, but my parents are more than happy to let me move in with them but they are in severe financial difficulties and that just seems like another environment I don’t want to be dealing with daily.

Conclusion / TL;DRitalics I don’t know if I’m depressed or not, my girlfriend seems to think so. I have no job or income to move out on my own, my parents are in extreme financial trouble so I can’t live with them and my current living situation is making me want to kill myself. What should I do?


