Last night was one of the worst nights of my life..
Got a flat tire. Tried to change it. Everything that could go wrong went wrong. It took me an hour and 2 minutes to change the tire. Finally began driving home and I was hearing a weird noise. Thought it could be because the oil leak we have so I put some oil in it. After I did that and had walked around to get back in, noticed the spare was almost flat. I tried to google the closest gas stations near me, hoping to put some air in the spare, but my phone died as soon as it told me “5 minutes away”. So I just had to drive to where I knew there was one and the machine was out of order. I kept driving and found another one and parked. I counted all the pennies I had and had some hope when I found a quarter. I counted all my change and ended up 30 cents short. That broke me. I had already been crying but this was different and more desperate. The noise the car was making as I drove was so scary. I was afraid maybe the tire would spark or catch fire or fall apart. I was afraid the car would be completely un-drivable and I’d have no way to get home. As I was backing out of the parking space, someone honked at me and I have no idea why but it made me cry more. As I was pulling out of the parking lot, someone almost hit me because I guess I pulled out too far and I just screamed bloody murder even though they weren’t close to me. I was crying and repeating “I only needed 30 cents” over and over while driving home. When I finally got home I walked through the door and my husband was downstairs and all I could say was “I only needed 30 cents”. Over and over and over. I guess it was shock or just pure anxiety? The bad part was over but all I could say was that phrase. I was able to tell him to get our pup from the backseat of the car (I had been at the dog park when the tire went flat) but then I headed upstairs repeating the phrase. I did so for about 30 minutes. I was able to finally stop once I got out of the shower, and I stopped crying too. But I just laid in bed.

Now I’m awake the next morning and to me, the event didn’t seem too horrible. It’s not like anyone got severely hurt, we have a warranty on the tire so that’s good. But it just makes me nervous because I never been so hopeless in a crisis. I’m so dependent on others, I guess. People give me strength. Whenever there’s an issue, I’m usually one to jump in and lend a helping hand and try to solve the problem. I was super ready to change that tire by myself but as soon as the lug nuts were too tight to get off I lost it. When the actual tire and rim wouldn’t come off, I lost it again. I tried grabbing the tire and pulling but there was metal sticking out of the tire I couldn’t see so it stabbed me and I cried like a child.

I just can’t seem to understand how I totally lost it for about an hour and a half. It just seems like an overreaction but it makes me sad and scared for myself and anyone dependent on me (like future children) for when a crisis happens. What’s wrong with me? Why can’t I stay levelheaded? It makes me embarrassed.. my anxiety hasn’t been so bad lately. I keep forgetting I’ll never be “cured” no matter what.
That is one of those nights that if you're in the middle of it, it's terrible. But after the fact, "its not so bad". I feel like you had the iceberg effect, where it was the quick build up of multiple things, maybe even from earlier in the week. And the tires just set you off. Maybe it was good to have a melt down and cry a little. Especially in this society, we neglect crying and look down on people who do it. But in reality it is very healthy. Does it happen regularly? I would learn from it and make if easier on future you. Maybe get your car checked out, or get AAA. I even have a PVC pipe from Home Depot in my car to put leverage on the lug nut wrench, because a similar obstacle happened with me. So next time you change that tire like a champ and maybe the night doesnt end on such a bad note
