I become cripplingly anxious around a guy at work whom I merely find attractive and cool. (really long, pretty obtuse, generally paranoid post)
(The SAME thing happened at a previous job I held, except that time I didn’t even find the person attractive. The common factor: they are always one of my managers.)

Here’s how it began. I work at a busy department store. When it began it got so overwhelmingly crowded at times that I didn’t think I would be able to continue there. I would become quiete claustrophobic and decided I would quit. Well, I spoke to my hiring manager and she thought I ought to give a shot working there because she thought I would get better at my job with time,and that crowds would soon die down.

At this point, I knew a few things (1) I truly did get anxious with so many customers (2) There were a few coworkers who I was paranoid about talking things about me–one of them being how weird I was, especially when the guy I get near was around (3) the guy that I liked made me so nervous that I felt I could not do my job when he was around.

I agreed to continue because I felt that I might be able to work through all of those things. I then began to realize that my anxiety was all becoming displaced on the guy I froze up around. And actually, my paranoia about people disliking me merged with that. There’s a girl there who clearly dislikes me. She offers one-word repsonses when I talk to her, but is chummy with everyone else (including guy manager). And I KNOW she notices how I freeze up. In fact, the other day she smirked as she saw this happen. It made me feel completely powerless, and like so many times in my life where I felt like a nasty girl was driving how I felt. I really do loathe her, and part of my reason for wanting to stay is to prove to her I am not going to run out of there, and to myself, but the former seems so much more important. Sad. I know.

So the problem is because the anxiety is so overwhelming when he is around, I do tend to freeze up/dissociate.I became more self-conscious; my movements are much more stiff, as if I were some doll whose every movement of its limbs were tense and stilted. I speak to him differently (I wish I didn’t have to but he is a manager so I must), trying to come off as nonchalant but I know it comes off as weird and rude perhaps. When I am doing something and he is around I can FEEl his presence and it turns me to stone.

I should mention that the other day was a pretty great day at work. There were no crowds. I was proud of myself for trying my best for not worrying what the others at work might think of me, and oh, he wasn’t there. I though maybe this all really was a diplacement of all my other on-the-job anxieties onto him, and I would be fine from now on. But the next day when it was a little crowded, but later on not and no reason for me to be anxious, he was there and the same thing happened. Now the worst part is I am having fitful sleep where I anxiously wake up thinking about this/him. I feel so sick and always imagine at work stopping dead in my tracks when I see him and howling like a ghoul.

The worst part is that my hiring manager has been nohting but accomadating, even giving me hours and positions where I won’t have to be around so many people. Now my lame excuse, and only mentioning that, will bit me. I am just too ashamed to quit and then have to see all my other managers knowing I quit. Most of all, I am worried they will know why.

WTF is wrong with me. It seems to happen ONLY with guys who I feel are in a higher rank than I am. There are plenty of other attractive guys at work (coworkers and customers) whom I have no issue speaking to. WTF. I also think perhaps I think everyone can see how I feel (it is obvious) or is watching me. I feel like if I knew it were just me and him I could attempt to be normal and that could set the stage for the rest of my interations with him.

After reading this, I want to add that I am not a teenager but I do have mental health issues if that were not already clear enough.

