Does anyone know if its normal, during times of extreme stress, to lose sight of your past and future?

I seem to have lost touch with who I am and memories that Ive carried my entire life feel shallow. I also seem to almost exclusively focus on the present, just day by day. Almost like the 25 years of my life, following this past year never happened, and I have to force myself to remember anything about them. And when I force myself to remember my past I think, "Was that really me? What happened?" Its really bizarre. I used to have a very rich and vivid memory, now I struggle to even remember big life moments, and there's nearly no emotion attached to them.

This past week or 2, Ive also had some short term memory issues and have felt completely isolated, even when Im around people. I feel like Ive forgotten how to socialize or behave. Like Im mentally in some separate universe from everyone else, even though Im physically here, and Im just trying to skate by.

Basically, Ive been dealing with an insane level of stress, that I cant escape, for about 1 1/2 years now. Starting about a year ago, I stopped feeling like myself. I felt a bit off. Lately, what Ive described has become almost debilitating to the point I question if I can be competent at my job anymore. I can't think normally. Could internalized stress cause this kind of stuff over time? If not, what would? And can I recover?
I am not a doctor whatsoever but your post sounds as if it's my own. Not a single word doesn't fit a textbook example of how I've been feeling. Have a read up on Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID), I'm not stating you have it remotely, even if you suffer every symptom but it may help you catch on to what you're experiencing. How your explaining certain things sound like some of the traits that revolve around DID.

Don't worry yourself though, if what you find does match up, don't let negativity manifest to the point you convince yourself you have been able to accurately diagnose yourself. You can't. Take the information, as a way of understanding your experiences a bit more and if necessary, explaining it to a professional if it continues to be causing you distress. 
I did some research today on DID and I dont think that's really what I'm dealing with. It did lead me to doing some more digging, and I found that Cognitive Dysfunction sounds a lot like what Im dealing with. The issue is finding out what is causing it. I know stress shuts down the prefrontal cortex, which is where most cognitive function takes place. Ive also been battling addiction for a few years(which also weakens the prefrontal cortex), so the combination of high stress and an already weak brain may be causing these symptoms.

After re-reading what I wrote yesterday, I don't know I really explained myself very well. Either way, its good to hear someone can relate on some level. This crap has me screwed up right now. I just wish I knew what was going on.

I guess Im just going to have to beat this addiction and work on my stress, and see if things clear up.

Thanks again.
