How do you get stuff done with depression?
I’ve been diagnosed with moderately high depression for about 18 months. I see the doctor regularly and am on daily anti-depressants which help with the emotional crud. But I really struggle to accomplish things. I know what I need to do but I have an almost physiological negative response when thinking about getting up and doing things. Do you know that “pit of your stomach” feeling when you hear some really bad news or are really afraid of something- not afraid like a bear is a charging you but afraid like you just realized you completely forgot about a big project at work? That feeling surges up just thinking about trying to do something as simple as mail a few letters. Does anyone have any advice for dealing with this? I’m a 37 year old professional with a family that relies on me. I need help.  I suffered through similar stuff. So first of all, anti-depressants are not enough. You probably need medication for anxiety as well. It might not sound very encouraging, but unfortunately medication is only a very little aid. It is there to take the unreasonable out-of-hand feelings, but the problem is going to be solved only by you. From your message, I assume you have low self-confidence. These tasks that you feel scared of are actually the solution to your problem.

If I could map out a road to success, I would put it this way: start small. First, talk it out with the person closest to you and set out a plan of small daily goals, also short term and long term goals(like 1 to 5 years), and the key is not to say what you "want" to achieve, but what you feel like you will definitely achieve(or do something personally rewarding). When overwhelmed by some task, ask for help. Not as in ask to do something for you, but just to keep you company. For example, I feel a lot less anxiety at the supermarket with a family member than by myself. When we avoid something for too long, it becomes foreign and scarier than it is. So it's taking baby steps all over again to familiarize yourself with the world. Once you start achieving these small tasks, you can slowly up your game to the bigger ones, something that's actually bothering you, not the letters, but probably something a lot more important to you as a person. I feel like one of the last sentences about the family relying on you is very telling. Maybe it's time for you to rely on them. If they love you, they will take part of the load on your shoulders until you find your ground and can fully support them again. Finding motivation in this case is both hard and very simple. You are 37 and you have one life and there's no telling what tomorrow will bring. You gave way to your depression for 18 months, probably missing out on a lot of enjoyable moments due to constant stress. Doesn't it sound like living in a prison of your own mind? A waste of your life? It is. So what if you ever forget a project? Your life will not end there. There is so much more to experience in life than constantly live in fear of human error. And to be completely honest, most people have that fear, but the key is to keep it under control. In the end, it's just accepting yourself, and learning to love yourself, and understanding that success has a lot of different faces, and yours might be different than what you imagine it. 
Do you mind if I ask what kind of medication you are on? It’s ironic how some anti depressants can increase your suicidal ideation.

My advice to you would be to start doing little things around the house. If you don’t already make up your bed every morning. It might seem insignificant but even the smallest of things can be an accomplishment. Then move on to organising your room or even your whole house if you’re disorganised. Social more if you can. I don’t know about you but isolation is my favourite thing but it’s really not healthy. If you spend too much time on your own it can really effect your depression. If you have any (non self destructive) hobbies maybe take some up again. 
