I’m almost done with my degree. I’m 30,000 dollars in debt with a degree that is almost completely worthless (Biology). Why did I do this to myself? How am I ever going to get a job or pay off my debt? All I can think about is how much I want to die.What am I supposed to do? I see my therapist in a few weeks. I do well in my degree but it’s all for nothing. My life feels like it’s already over and I’m 22.I'm running on unemployment right now. For the past couple of months, I've never felt better. I can finally wake up and my first thought isn't "fuck."But, now I'm under pressure to get another job, and every time I think about getting another job, it scares the crap out of me. Every time I work, I fall into this deep shitty depression, and I lash out, get angry, and right now, I'm thinking the best way to avoid all of that would be to probably just end the cycle.I mean, come one, it's been 10 years and I haven't gotten any better. Multiple drug changes, therapists, many different jobs. Nothing works.What the hell do I do? I don't think I can do all of this again.My brother tells me to kill myself, drop dead, cut myself, slit my wrists, hang myself, and no one would care about me if I killed myself. I’m m 14 he’s m 17. Only if he knew I cut and had suicide thoughts. I usually just ignore him or respond with “you shouldn’t joke about serious things like that.”My posts were down voted, and always ignored. I mean people must read me to down vote me, I guess I really mean nothing to anyone. I really am better off dead.There's nothing left anymore. I'm ready to kill myself, 13 reasons why style.I haven't felt like this since I was dating my last boyfriend who was heavily abusing me mentally and physically. I'm in an argument with my current boyfriend, who up and left, said he was leaving his phone in his room, and is going out for a drive to clear his head. I'm suffering from severe anxiety and stress over this and other things in my life, and am wondering, once again, if it's better to just not be alive. I don't feel alive anyway, what's the difference? I've never really felt this level of sadness and emptiness in almost 3 years. Does anyone have advice? I feel like I'm having a genuine panic attack.